When did Beyonce start becoming popular ?
What areas did Beyonce compete in when she was growing up ?
When did Beyonce leave Destiny ' s Child and become a solo singer ?
In what city and state did Beyonce grow up ?
In which decade did Beyonce become famous ?
In what R & B group was she the lead singer ?
What album made her a worldwide known artist ?
Who managed the Destiny ' s Child group ?
When did Beyoncé rise to fame ?
What role did Beyoncé have in Destiny ' s Child ?
What was the first album Beyoncé released as a solo artist ?
When did Beyoncé release Dangerously in Love ?
How many Grammy awards did Beyoncé win for her first solo album ?
What was Beyoncé ' s role in Destiny ' s Child ?
What was the name of Beyoncé ' s first solo album ?
After her second solo album , what other entertainment venture did Beyonce explore ?
Which artist did Beyonce marry ?
To set the record for Grammys , how many did Beyonce win ?
For what movie did Beyonce receive her first Golden Globe nomination ?
When did Beyonce take a hiatus in her career and take control of her management ?
Which album was darker in tone from her previous work ?
After what movie portraying Etta James , did Beyonce create Sasha Fierce ?
When did Destiny ' s Child end their group act ?
What was the name of Beyoncé ' s second solo album ?
What was Beyoncé ' s first acting job , in 2006 ?
Who is Beyoncé married to ?
What is the name of Beyoncé ' s alter - ego ?
In her music , what are some recurring elements in them ?
Time magazine named her one of the most 100 what people of the century ?
Which magazine declared her the most dominant woman musician ?
In which decade did the Recording Industry Association of America recognize Beyonce as the The Top Certified Artist ?
What magazine rated Beyonce as the most powerful female musician in 2015 ?
How did Beyonce describe herself as a feminist ?
In which years did Time rate Beyonce in the 100 most influential people in the world ?
How many records has Beyonce sold in her 19 year career ?
How many records did Beyoncé sell as part of Destiny ' s Child ?
After leaving Destiny ' s Child , how many records did Beyoncé release under her own name ?
How many Grammy awards has Beyoncé won ?
What magazine named Beyoncé as the most powerful female musician for 2015 ?
Beyonce ' s younger sibling also sang with her in what band ?
Where did Beyonce get her name from ?
What race was Beyonce ' s father ?
Beyonce ' s childhood home believed in what religion ?
Beyonce ' s father worked as a sales manager for what company ?
Beyonce ' s mother worked in what industry ?
What younger sister of Beyonce also appeared in Destiny ' s Child ?
Beyonce is a descendent of what Arcadian leader ?
What company did Beyoncé ' s father work for when she was a child ?
What did Beyoncé ' s mother own when Beyoncé was a child ?
What is the name of Beyoncé ' s younger sister ?
Beyoncé is a descendant of which Acadian leader ?
Beyoncé was raised in what religion ?
What town did Beyonce go to school in ?
Who was the first person to notice Beyonce ' s singing ability ?
Beyonce moved to which town after she left her first elementary school ?
Which of her teachers discovered Beyonce ' s musical talent ?
I which church was Beyonce a member and soloist in the choir ?
What type of school was Parker Elementary School ?
Which song did Beyonce sing to win a competition at age 7 ?
What city was Beyoncé ' s elementary school located in ?
What was the name of Beyoncé ' s first dance instructor ?
How old was Beyoncé when she won a school talent show ?
What choir did Beyoncé sing in for two years ?
Who decided to place Beyonce ' s group in Star Search the talent show ?
In 1995 , who decided to manage the girls singing group ?
Who was the first record label to give the girls a record deal ?
Who brought Beyonce to California and enter her group in Star Search ?
In what year did Beyonce ' s father quit his job to manage her group ?
What large record company recorded Beyonce ' s group ' s first album ?
What record company first signed Beyonce ' s group and later cut them ?
At what age did Beyonce meet LaTavia Robertson ?
How old was Beyoncé when she met LaTavia Roberson ?
What was the name of the first group Beyoncé was a part of ?
Who placed Girl ' s Tyme in Star Search ?
When did Beyoncé begin to manage the girl group ?
Who signed the girl group on October 5 , 1995 ?
Which film featured Destiny ' s Child ' s first major single ?
For which song , did Destiny ' s Child take home the grammy award for best R & B performance ?
Who did Beyonce record with for the movie " The Best Man ? "
Beyonce ' s group changed their name to Destiny ' s Child in what year ?
The name Destiny ' s Child was based on a quote in which book of the Bible ?
Debut song , " Killing Time " was featured on what movie ' s sound track ?
What song won Best R & B Performance in the 43 Annual Grammy Awards ?
What singer did Beyonce record a song with for the movie , ' ' The Best Man " ?
Where did Destiny ' s Child get their name from ?
Destiny ' s Child song , Killing Time , was included in which film ' s soundtrack ?
What was Destiny ' s Child ' s first major song hit ?
When did Destiny ' s Child release their second album ?
Who did Beyoncé sing a duet with for " The Best Man " film ?
What mental health issue did Beyonce go through ?
What event occured after she was publicly criticized ?
Who supported Beyonce through her depression ?
What event caused Beyonce ' s depression ?
How long was Beyonce depressed ?
Who helped Beyonce fight her depression the most ?
Who replaced Luckett and Roberson in Destiny ' s Child ?
Who was blamed for Luckett and Roberson leaving Destiny ' s Child ?
Who helped Beyoncé overcome her depression during the years following the Destiny ' s Child split ?
Which newest member was removed from Destiny ' s Child ?
" Charlie ' s Angels " featured which single from the band members ?
How many weeks did their single " Independent Women Part I " stay on top ?
For what network , did Beyonce land a major movie role in ?
Their third album , Survivor , sold how many during its first week ?
What French composer wrote the original opera ' ' Carmen ' ' in the 19th century ?
What album caused a lawsuit to be filed in 2001 ?
Independent Women Part I was on which 2000 film ' s soundtrack ?
Which film did Beyoncé star in 2001 with Mekhi Phifer ?
What was the name of Destiny Child ' s third album ?
Who filed a lawsuit over Survivor ?
When did Destiny ' s Child announce their hiatus ?
Who did Beyonce star with in the movie , " Austin Powers in Goldmember " ?
Which three countries did Beyonce ' s song " Work It Out " achieve top ten status ?
Beyonce starred with Cuba Gooding Jr . in which film ?
Who did Beyonce record the lead single with in the movie " The Fighting Temptations " ?
Which other song from the soundtrack did better in the charts ?
What film did Beyonce appear in with Mike Myers ?
What large amount did the movie " Goldmember " gross ?
What genre of movie did Beyonce star in with Cuba Gooding , Jr ?
What song was the lead single from the film ' s sound track ?
How did the critics view the movie , ' ' The Fighting Temptations ' ' ?
What film did Beyoncé star in with Mike Myers in 2002 ?
What was Beyoncé ' s character called in Austin Powers in Goldmember ?
Which song did Beyoncé release as the lead single for Austin Powers in Goldmember ' s soundtrack ?
What musical comedy did Beyoncé star in along with Cuba Gooding , Jr . in 2003 ?
What song did Beyoncé release as the lead single from The Fighting Tempations ?
What was the highest Beyonce ' s first solo recording achieved in the Billboard Hot 100 ?
Beyonce ' s first album by herself was called what ?
How many has " Dangerously in Love " sould worldwide since its debut ?
Beyonce ' s first number one song was which song ?
How many top five singles came from her first album ?
Beyonce ' s first solo album in the U . S . with what artist in the lead single ?
What solo album did Beyonce release in 2003 ?
The album , Dangerously in Love achieved what spot on the Billboard Top 100 chart ?
" The Closer I get to You " was recorded with which artist ?
Which artist was associated with Beyoncé ' s premiere solo recording ?
When did Beyoncé release her first solo album ?
What is the lead single on Beyoncé ' s first album ?
Who helped Beyoncé earn a Grammy award for Best R & B Performance by a Duo or Group at the 46th annual Grammy Awards ?
How many awards did Beyoncé win at the 46th Grammy ' s Awards ?
Destiny ' s Child ' s final album was named what ?
Destiny ' s Child got a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in what year ?
In what year did Beyonce embark on her Dangerously in Love tour of Europe ?
What was the name of the final album of Destiny ' s Child ?
It was announced that Destiny ' s Child would disban in what European city ?
When did Destiny ' s Child get their star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame ?
What was the name of Beyoncé ' s European start that started in November 2003 ?
Who did Beyoncé tour with for the Verizon Lades First Tour ?
What major event did Beyoncé perform at on February 1 , 2004 ?
What is the name of the final studio album from Destiny ' s Child ?
How many albums did Beyonce sell in the first week when she released her second album ?
The lead single from the album was which song ?
How many countries did her song " Irreplaceable " get number one status in ?
How many singles did her second album produce ?
What birthday did Beyonce ' s album B ' Day celebrate ?
What artist did Beyonce duet with in the single , " Deja Vu ' ' ?
How high did ' ' Deja Vu ' ' climb on the Billboard chart ?
What is the name of Beyoncé ' s second album ?
How many copies did B ' Day sell during the first week of its release ?
Who collaborated with Beyoncé on the single , Deja Vu ?
Which single from B ' Day was only released in the U . K . ?
What movie did Beyonce act in 2006 ?
Her second movie Beyonce did was what film ?
The single , " Listen " was featured in which movie ?
Beyonce ' s first world tour was when ?
How much money did Beyonce ' s tour make in 2007 ?
How many millions of dollars did ' ' The Pink Panther ' ' gross world - wide ?
What did Beyonce call her first concert tour ?
Who was Beyonce ' s duet with in ' ' Beautiful Liar ' ' ?
Which film did Beyoncé star with Steve Martin in ?
Beyoncé ' s role in Dreamgirls was based on what pop singer ?
What was the lead single for the Dreamgirls soundtrack ?
What was the name of Beyoncé ' s first international tour ?
What pop singer did a duet with Beyoncé on Beautiful Liar ?
Beyonce got married in 2008 to whom ?
Her third album , " I am . . . Sasha Fierce " was released when ?
For which decade , did Beyonce have more top ten songs than any other woman ?
Which singer beat out Beyonce for best video performance ?
In 2009 , Beyonce started her second world tour and grossed how much money ?
How did she reveal the marriage ?
When did Beyonce begin her second world tour ?
Who beat out Beyonce for Best Female Video ?
How much did the second world tour make in dollars ?
When did Beyoncé get married ?
Who did Beyoncé marry ?
Who is Beyoncé ' s alter ego ?
The video for what song won Beyoncé the 2009 MTV Video of the Year award ?
Which prominent star felt the 2009 Female Video of the Year award should have went to Beyoncé instead of Taylor Swift ?
Beyonce portrayed which character in the film , Cadillac Records ?
Beyonce gave her entire salary from Cadillac Records to which organization ?
Which song did Beyonce sing at the first couple ' s inaugural ball ?
What genre of film was the movie , Obsessed , in which Beyonce starred in ?
A fight scene from the movie , Obsessed , won which award for Beyonce ?
Where did Beyonce donate her salary from the movie Cadillac Records ?
What thriller film did Beyonce star in ?
What was the name of the woman she played in Obsessed ?
How much more that the buget did the film gross ?
Which singer did Beyoncé portray in Cadillac Records ?
Which organization received Beyoncé ' s entire Cadillac Records salary ?
Where did Beyoncé perform on January 20 , 2009 ?
Which thriller film did Beyoncé star in with Ali Larter ?
How many awards was Beyonce nominated for at the 52nd Grammy Awards ?
Beyonce tied with which artist for most nominations by a female artist ?
In 2010 , Beyonce worked with which other famous singer ?
How many number one singles did Beyonce now have after the song " Telephone " ?
Beyonce tied who for most number one singles by a female ?
Beyonce received how many nominations at the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards ?
What song was the sixth first place song for Beyonce ?
Who else appeared with Beyonce in Telephone ?
Who did they tie with for six top songs ?
Who did Beyonce tie with for the most nominations in a year ?
How many nominations did Beyoncé receive at the 52nd Grammy Awards ceremony ?
Who did Beyoncé tie with for the most Grammy nominations for female artists ?
Beyoncé was a featured artist on which singer ' s hit , Telephone ?
Who did Beyoncé and Lady Gaga tie with for the most number one hits since 1992 ?
Beyonce would take a break from music in which year ?
Which year did Beyonce and her father part business ways ?
Which famous landmark did Beyonce see in China ?
In what year did Beyonce have her hiatus ?
Who inspired this hiatus ?
When did she stop using her father as a manager ?
How long did the hiatus last ?
What did Beyoncé announce in January 2010 ?
Who suggested the hiatus for Beyoncé ?
Who did Beyoncé part ways with during her hiatus ?
How long did her hiatus last ?
In which year was reports about Beyonce performing for Muammar Gaddafi surface ?
Who did Beyonce donate the money to earned from her shows ?
Beyonce became the first female artist to perform solo in 20 years at which stage ?
Which organization did Beyonce ' s spokespeople confirm her donations to ?
Beyonce was listed in 2011 as the highest paid performer per what ?
Hoe did everyone learn that Beyonce performed for Kaddafi ?
When did this leak happen ?
Who did she tell about the donation ?
Where did Beyonce perform in 2011 ?
Who did Beyoncé perform privately for in 2011 ?
Who released the information about Beyoncé ' s performance for the Libyan ruler ?
Which organization did Beyoncé donate her pay for the private performance to ?
Beyoncé was the first female singer to headline what at the 2011 Glastonbury Festival ?
Beyonce ' s fourth album debuted in what year ?
Which single had the most success from that album ?
Beyonce won an award for which activity in 2011 ?
in 2011 , Beyonce performed for four nights where ?
When was Beyonce ' s forth album released ?
How many copies did the album sell in its first week ?
Who awarded Beyonce and award for writing ?
When did she perform at the Roseland ballroom ?
What is the name of Beyoncé ' s fourth studio album ?
When was 4 released ?
How many copies of 4 sold in the first week ?
What magazine did Beyoncé write a story for about her earlier hiatus ?
Where did Beyoncé perform for four nights of standing room only concerts in 2011 ?
When did Beyonce have her first child ?
Where did Beyonce give birth to her first child ?
Beyonce ' s first child is named what ?
Her first appearance performing since giving birth was where ?
When did Beyonce have her first child ?
What was the child ' s name ?
How long was it after the birth of her child before she performed again ?
How many nights did she perform at Atlantic City ?
When did Beyoncé give birth to a daughter ?
What did Beyoncé name her daughter ?
Where was Blue Ivy born ?
Where was Beyoncé ' s first public performance after giving birth ?
How many nights did Beyoncé play at the resort ?
Destiny ' s Child released a compilation album about which topic ?
Beyonce ' s documentary movie was called what ?
What did Beyonce sign in 2013 ?
When did Destiny ' s Child release its album " Love Songs " ?
What was the title of the added track in Love Songs ?
At whose inauguration did she perform the National Anthem ?
How many Tweets per minute did the half time show get ?
When did Destiny ' s Child release Love Songs ?
What was the new track for Love Songs ?
What did Beyoncé sing at President Obama ' s second inauguration ?
What event did Beyoncé perform at one month after Obama ' s inauguration ?
What is the name of Beyoncé ' s documentary film ?
How many dates did Beyonce ' s " The Mrs . Carter Show " entail ?
One of Beyonce ' s most successful tours yet was which one ?
Beyonce wrote which song for the movie " Epic " ?
Beyonce voiced a character in which animated film ?
When did the tour begin ?
Of what event was Beyonce honorary chair ?
What part did she voice for the movie Epic ?
What song did Beyonce record for the film Epic ?
What was the name of Beyoncé ' s tour that she started on April 15 ?
How many dates did the Mrs . Carter Show World Tour have ?
Which Amy Winehouse song did Beyoncé cover and release in May 2014 ?
Beyoncé was an honorary chair of the 2013 what ?
Which character in the film , Epic , was voiced by Beyoncé ?
Where did Beyonce release her 5th album to a huge surprise ?
When did Beyonce get her fifth consecutive number one hit album ?
Where was the album released ?
Who joined Beyonce on her On The Run Tour ?
Who reported Beyonce to e the top earning woman in music ?
How much more were her earnings that the year before ?
When did Beyoncé release her fifth studio album ?
How many digital copies of her fifth album did Beyoncé sell in six days ?
What song on Beyoncé ' s fifth studio album featured her husband ?
What was the name of the tour featuring both Beyoncé and Jay Z ?
How many awards did Beyonce take home with her at the 57th Grammy Awards ?
Which artist beat Beyonce out for Album of the year ?
Which magazine did Beyonce pose on the cover for in August of 2015 ?
Beyonce would perform with who at Superbowl 50 ?
Beyonce took home how many awards at the 57th Grammy Awards ?
Beyonce lost to which artist for Album of the year ?
Who did Beyonce perform next to during Superbowl 50 ?
If Beyonce won three Grammies in 2015 , how many was she nominated for ?
On what magazine was she the cover model ?
Who would she perform with at Superbowl 50 ?
With what British band did Beyonce perform on their album ?
How many awards was Beyoncé nominated for at the 57th annual Grammys ?
How many awards did Beyoncé win at the 57th Annual Grammys ?
Beyoncé lost the Album of the Year award to which entertainer ?
Which magazine did Beyoncé pose for the cover , making her the first black female artist to do so ?
Who did Beyonce perform with at Super Bowl 50 ?
Beyonce released the song " Formation " on which online music service ?
Beyonce ' s new single released before the super bowl was called what ?
What day did Beyonce release her single , Formation ?
How was the single released ?
What was the name of the streaming service ?
What kind of platform was the song released ?
When did Beyoncé release Formation ?
Where did Beyoncé exclusively release her single , Formation ?
As of April 2014 , how many albums have Jay Z and Beyonce sold together ?
Where did Beyonce become pregnant ?
Beyonce described what as the " hardest thing she had to endure " ?
Who did Beyonce have a relationship with ?
When were Beyonce and Jay Z married ?
Together how records have they sold ?
How did Beyonce deal with the miscarriage of her child ?
Where was Beyonce when she became pregnant ?
In which music video did Beyoncé star as Jay Z ' s girlfriend , creating speculation about their relationship ?
When were Beyoncé and Jay Z married ?
How many records combined have Beyoncé and Jay Z sold ?
What did Beyoncé describe as the saddest thing in her life ?
Where did Beyoncé get pregnant ?
Jay Z and Beyonce attended which event together in August of 2011 ?
Beyonce confirmed what after performing one of her songs ?
How many people watched the 2011 MTV Music Awards ?
Where did she announce her pregnancy ?
Why was the broadcast the most - watched in history ?
What even was recorded in the Guinness World Records ?
What was the most searched term in week of Aug 29 , 2011 ?
What song did she perform at the MTV Awards ?
Where did Beyoncé announce her pregnancy ?
What song did Beyoncé sing prior to announcing her pregnancy ?
How many people watched the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards ?
What was the most searched term on Google for the week of August 29 , 2011 ?
Jay Z has a website called what ?
Which song by Jay Z talked about the pregnancy struggles ?
What was the name of Beyonce ' s daughter ?
At what hospital was the baby delivered ?
What was the named of the song dedicated to the child ?
What does B . I . C . stand for ?
Who was credited for her cries on the song ?
When did Beyoncé give birth to her daughter ?
What did Beyoncé and Jay Z name their daughter ?
What song did Jay Z release two days after Blue Ivy was born ?
What is included at the end of Glory ?
How was Blue Ivy credited on Glory ?
Beyonce and Jay - Z went to a rally for the acquittal of whom ?
Beyonce sang which song during the 2009 presidential inauguration ?
How much did Beyonce raise for Obama at the 40 / 40 Club ?
What did she endorse on March 26 , 2013 ?
What did they attend in July 2013 ?
What did she sing at the 2009 Presidential Inauguration ?
What song did Beyoncé perform at the 2009 inauguration of Obama ?
What song did Beyoncé perform at the first inaugural dance for the Obamas .
What social media platform did Beyoncé upload a picture of her paper ballot on ?
When did Beyoncé endorse on March 26 , 2013 ?
Beyonce did an interview with which magazine and was asked about feminism ?
Beyonce supported which campaign that encourages leadership in girls ?
Where was Beyonce quoted as saying that she is a modern - day feminist ?
When did she say the she is a feminist ?
What campaign did she contribute to ?
What song did she release in 2013 in response to a speech ?
What does Ban Bossy encourage ?
Beyoncé used words from which Nigerian author in her song , Flawless ?
Which campaign does Beyoncé contribute to that encourages leadership in females ?
Beyonce signed a letter with who in 2015 ?
An important UN summit took place when ?
The letter Beyonce signed focused on what issue ?
What had to be set in developing funding ?
When did Beyonce sign a letter for ONE Campaign ?
To whom was the letter addressed ?
Who are these women ?
When will they meet ?
Who did Beyoncé sign a letter for in 2015 ?
Who was the letter addressed to ?
What was Angela Merkel serving as in relation to the letter ?
What did the letter want the two recipients to focus on ?
Beyonce along with Jay Z met with whom ' s family after their death ?
Beyonce with Jay Z gave lots of money to bail who out of prison ?
Who ' s death caused this protest ?
How much bail money did they spend ?
Beyonce beat out which musical artists for most paid between June 2007 and June 2008 ?
Beyonce and Jay Z got a Guinness World record for what in 2009 ?
Beyonce became the highest - paid black musician in which year ?
Up until May of 2015 , how much is Beyonce ' s total worth ?
Between 2008 and 2009 , which entertainers did Beyonce beat in earnings ?
In 2012 who placed Beyonce at 16 in the Celebrity List ?
When did she and Jay Z become the highest paid black celebrity couple ?
How much did she earn in 2014 ?
What is Beyonce ' s net worth in 2015 ?
Who began reporting Beyoncé ' s annual earnings , starting in 2008 ?
When did Beyoncé become the highest paid black musician , ever ?
Who predicted that Beyoncé would become the highest paid black entertainer ?
When did Jay Z and Beyoncé become the first music couple worth over a billion dollars ?
Beyonce ' s range in singing is how many octaves ?
who talked about Beyonce ' s tone and timbre as distinctive ?
Which critic called Beyonce ' s voice " versatile " ?
Which era was credited to have influenced Beyonce ' s singing style by Jody Rosen ?
How many octaves does Beyonce have ?
What did the Daily Mail say about Beyonce ' s voice ?
What does Rosen claim influenced Beyonce ' s style ?
What do other critics claim ?
How many octaves does Beyoncé ' s voice span ?
Why is Beyoncé known as the centerpiece of Destiny ' s Child ?
New York Times ' Jon Pareles calls Beyoncé ' s voice velvety yet what ?
What does Jody Rosen say influenced Beyoncé ' s vocal style ?
Music from Beyonce is generally categorized as what genre ?
Besides R & B , which genres does Beyonce dabble in ?
Beyonce mostly releases English songs , but what other language did she release songs ?
Spanish songs Beyonce released were for what ?
Beyonce was coached for her Spanish songs by which American ?
What kind of music does Beyonce do ?
What language does she mainly sing ?
What other language has she sung ?
What album did she re - release in Spanish ?
What style of music does Beyoncé usually perform ?
What language did Beyoncé release several songs in ?
Who coached Beyoncé for her Spanish recordings ?
What album did the Spanish songs come from ?
Beyonce does not create which aspect of her music ?
An example of a song aimed towards a male audience is what ?
What theme was Beyonce ' s early music ?
With Jay Z what were her new themes ?
What does she get credits for in her music ?
What part of production does she do ?
Beyoncé ' s early recordings empowered who ?
In addition to co - writing credits , Beyoncé also got what credits for most of her albums ?
Rather than beats , what two things does Beyoncé usually come up with for producers ?
Pop Songwriter of the Year award in 2001 was awarded to whom ?
Beyonce received the Pop Songwriter of the Year award at which event ?
Beyonce has the same number of writing credits on number one singles as whom ?
Beyonce joined 2 other women on what list from Billboard magazine in 2011 ?
When did Beyonce become the first African American woman to win Pop songwriter of the year ?
What place is she tied for in songwriting credits ?
Who listed her at number 17 in their list of Top 20 hot 100 Songwriters ?
Where does she place in writing credits for three number one songs ?
What did Beyoncé win in 2001 , making her the first black woman to do so ?
Who gave Beyoncé the Pop Songwriter of the Year award in 2001 ?
Beyoncé was one of how many women on Billboard magazine ' s 2011 " Top 20 Hot 100 Songwriters " list .
What number was Beyoncé on the Top 20 Hot 100 Songwriters list ?
To whom did Beyonce credit as her major influence on her music ?
How old was Beyonce when she went to her first Michael Jackson concert as a kid ?
Beyonce gave a tribute award to who in 2006 ?
Beyonce cites Mariah Carey to making her want to start doing what ?
Who influenced Beyonce ?
What song by Mariah Carey influenced her ?
Who is Beyoncé ' s biggest musical influence ?
What was Beyoncé ' s first concert ?
Who does Beyoncé feel is an all - around entertainer ?
Who does she credit for the inspiration to " get up there and do what she did " ?
What song caused Beyoncé to practice runs as a child ?
What themes were influenced by her acting role in Dreamgirls ?
Which singer did Beyonce honor by entertaining with her song " Deja Vu " ?
Who motivated Beyonce to explore other areas of music ?
What movie influenced Beyonce towards empowerment themes ?
How did Etta James influence her ?
Where did she perform wearing Baker ' s hula skirt ?
What singer inspired Beyoncé ' s B ' Day album ?
What song did Beyoncé sing at a 2006 concert to honor Josephine Baker ?
Beyonce has noted which first lady with saying " She proves you can do it all " ?
Which month and year did Beyonce credit Madonna for inspiring her to take control of her career ?
Beyonce has said that who embodies the " definition of inspiration and a strong woman " ?
Who personally influences Beyonce ?
Hoe does she describe Oprah Winfrey ?
How does she describe Jean - Michel Basquiat ?
How does Madonna influence her ?
How does she describe Jay Z ?
Who inspires Beyoncé because " she does it all ? "
Who does Beyoncé describe as the definition of inspiration ?
Who does Beyoncé describe as lyrical and raw ?
Who inspired Beyoncé to take control of her career ?
Beyonce had an all - female tour band whose name was what ?
Beyonce had singers in the background known by the name as ?
The Mamas members included which 3 musicians ?
The Mamas first appearance was when ?
What band did Beyonce introduce in 2006 ?
What song name does the band Suga Mama and a song on the B ' Day album share ?
Where did Suga Mama band make their first appearance ?
What band supports Beyonce in her tours ?
What is the name of Beyoncé ' s female tour band ?
Suga Mama is also a song on which Beyoncé album ?
What are Beyoncé ' s backup singers called ?
When did The Mamas make their debut ?
What characteristics has Beyonce received acclaim for ?
Which former president of Def Jam called Beyonce the greatest entertainer alive ?
For what does Beyonce receive praise ?
Who chose her as number one on his list of Best singers / Dancers ?
How has L . A . Reid described her ?
How does Alice Jones describe her ?
Who has Beyoncé at number one on her Five Best Singer / Dancers ?
Who has said that Beyoncé is the best entertainer alive ?
Beyonce self proclaimed alter ego is named what ?
Her alter ego was born when according to Beyonce ?
What year did Beyonce do away with Sasha Fierce ?
Beyonce brought back Sasha Fierce during which event ?
How does she describe Sasha ?
Later what did she say about Sasha ?
What is the name of Beyoncé ' s alter ego ?
When did Beyoncé introduce Sasha Fierce ?
Sasha Fierce was created during the making of what song ?
Who did Beyoncé tell in February 2010 that Sasha Fierce was no longer needed ?
Beyonce ' s sex appeal is characterized as what ?
Which music journalist described Beyonce as a " crossover sex symbol ? "
Which word spawned from a term used to describe Beyonce in 2006 ?
Bootylicious was a song from which act that Beyonce performed with ?
Oxford Dictionary added which word from the 2000s dedicated to Beyonce ?
What word is often used to describe Beyonce /
When was the term added to the dictionary ?
What journalist wrote that Beyoncé was a " sex symbol " ?
Because of Beyoncé ' s physical shape , what slang term has been used to describe her ?
In what year was the slang term from a title of a Destiny ' s Child song that is also used to describe Beyoncé put in the dictionary ?
How does Beyoncé say she likes to dress off - stage ?
in September 2010 , what career area did Beyonce start exploring ?
Beyonce ' s first modelling event was at where ?
" World ' s Most Beautiful woman " was declared to Beyonce by which national magazine ?
Which month and year did GQ feature Beyonce on its cover ?
What TV network listed Beyonce as number 1 on its 100 Sexiest Artists list ?
Who called Beyonce the World ' s most Beautiful Woman ?
Who called her Hottest Female Singer of all Time ?
When did she appear on the cover of GQ ?
VH1 listed her at what number on their 100 Sexiest Artists list ?
What year did Beyoncé first model for Tom Ford ?
What magazine said Beyoncé was the " World ' s Most Beautiful Woman " ?
What title did Complex award Beyoncé ?
What museum has made several models of Beyoncé in wax ?
Which parent of Beyonce ' s help co - write a book ?
Which African - American woman before Beyonce had posed for SI Swimsuit issue ?
What was the title of Beyonce ' s mother ' s book ?
When was she on the Sports Illustrated cover ?
Who was she the second African American on the cover after ?
Beyoncé was the second African American woman featured as a swimsuit cover on the magazine , who was first ?
What magazine said Beyoncé was the " best - dressed celebrity " ?
Beyonce has a fan base that is referred to as what ?
Before the Bey Hive , fans of Beyonce were called what ?
Which social media company proclaimed Beyonce fans are know as the Bey Hive ?
What is Beyonce ' s fan base called ?
What did the fans used to be called ?
What is the latest term used to describe Beyoncé fans ?
What was the former word given to Beyoncé fans ?
What word does " Bey Hive " derive from ?
Beyonce has a clothing line known as what ?
Which French magazine did Beyonce show up on the cover of ?
Beyonce was seen wearing what on the french magazine that caused controversy ?
Which year did PETA spark controversy with Beyonce ?
What did PETA criticize Beyonce for in 2006 ?
What French Magazine cover did the media criticize ?
How was she dressed on the cover of L ' Officiel ?
What French magazine did Beyoncé appear in wearing blackface and tribal makeup ?
What clothing line of Beyoncé drew PETA criticism ?
What type of magazine is L ' Officiel ?
Which racial community gave criticism to Beyonce ?
Which professor from Northeastern University wrote about how race correlates with these criticisms of Beyonce ?
Which company was accused of coloring Beyonce ' s hair ?
What did Vogue request ?
How did L ' Oreal respond to accusations of changing pictures ?
In addition to her light skin color , what else has made part of the African American community criticize Beyoncé ?
In 2007 , which music professor said he believes this criticism does involve race as well ?
Who was accused of lightening Beyoncé ' s skin for an advertisement ?
What advertisement was Beyoncé ' s skin supposedly lightened in ?
Who did Beyoncé tell in 2013 to only use natural pictures of her rather than retouched images ?
Artist of the Decade was bestowed upon Beyonce from which magazine ?
Whats the first year that Beyonce appear on the Time 100 list ?
Beyonce than appeared again on the Time 100 list in what year ?
What did the Guardian name her ?
When did Beyonce first make the Time 100 List ?
When was she again on the Time 100 List and on the cover ?
Who said that she is the reigning national voice ?
Who stated that Beyoncé is the most important musician of the 21st century ?
Which publication named Beyoncé the Artist of the Decade ?
What list did Beyoncé make in 2013 ?
Who said Beyoncé is the heir - apparent diva of the United States ?
What year was Beyoncé featured both on the Time 100 list as well as the cover of the issue ?
Which rock band cited Beyonce on their third album ?
Which friend learned from Beyonce while preparing for the film , " Country Strong ? "
Nicky Minaj became a spokesperson for which brand of soda after seeing Beyonce involved with it ?
What influenced Nicki Minaj to join the Pepsi global campaign ?
Which band listed Beyonce as an inspiration on their latest album ?
What about Beyonce has influenced many entertainers ?
For what film was Paltrow studying Beyonce ?
Which Indie band said Beyoncé was an inspiration for one of hteir albums ?
What was the name of the White Rabbits ' album ?
Who studied Beyoncé during live concerts for research for a film ' s music role ?
What was the name of the film that Gwyneth Paltrow starred in as a musician ?
Beyoncé ' s Pepsi commercial inspired which star to join Pepsi ' s global campaign in 2012 ?
VH1 declared what song the " Greatest song of the 2000s ? "
How many Grammy awards did " Crazy in Love " win ?
How many did Crazy in Love sell to become one of the greatest selling singles in history ?
What type of organism was named after Beyonce in 2012 ?
A place for Beyonce in the Rock and Roll Hall of fame was awarded when ?
Which of Beyonce ' s songs was called Greatest Song of the 2000s ?
How many Grammy awards did Crazy in Love get ?
How many copies did Crazy in Love sell ?
Who released the single Girls Love Beyonce ?
Which publication considers Crazy in Love to be one of the top 500 songs of all time ?
Who sang " Girls Love Beyoncé " in 2013 ?
What did Bryan Lessard name after Beyoncé ?
How many copies of her albums as Beyonce sold in the US ?
Totaling worldwide , how many records as Beyonce sold ?
How many certifications was Beyonce awarded by the RIAA ?
When Beyonce was with Destiny ' s Child , how many albums did she manage to sell ?
Who was the first female to achieve the International Artist Award at the American Music Awards ?
How many albums has Beyonce as a solo artist sold in the U . S ?
How many has she sold worldwide ?
How many records has she sold with Destiny ' s Child ?
When did she receive the Legend Award ?
How many music certifications has she received in the 2000s ?
How many records has Beyoncé sold in the United States ?
How many records has Beyoncé sold throughout the world ?
Who cited Beyoncé as being the top certified artist of the 2000s ?
How many certifications did RIAA give Beyoncé ?
When did Beyoncé receive the Legend Award ?
How many Grammys has Beyonce won total with and without Destiny ' s Child ?
Who is the only other woman with more Grammy awards than Beyonce ?
Beyonce has been awarded how many Grammy nominations ?
Beyonce holds the record for how many wins in one night by a female ?
How many awards at the Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards in 2006 did Beyonce bring home ?
How many Grammies has Beyonce won ?
How many Grammy nominations does Beyonce have ?
When did she set the record for most Grammy awards won in one night ?
Who tied her record for most Grammies won in one night in 2012 ?
How many Grammys has Beyoncé won ?
How many Grammy nominations has Beyoncé had ?
What Beyoncé song was song of the year on 2010 ?
What movie had Beyoncé nominated as Best Actress for Golden Globe Awards ?
Which soda company has Beyonce partnered with since 2002 ?
Pepsi paid Beyonce how much in 2012 for her endorsement ?
Which organization wrote a letter to Beyonce after her Pepsi endorsement deal ?
What percentage of people were positive about Beyonce ' s endorsement of Pepsi ?
When did Beyonce begin doing Pepsi advetisments ?
Who was in the commercial with Beyonce in 2004 ?
What did she agree to do for 50 million dollars in 2012 ?
Who sent her a letter asking that she reconsider the Pepsi deal ?
What soft drink company has Beyoncé worked with since 2002 ?
How much did Beyoncé get for a deal with a soft drink company in 2012 ?
Who asked her to change her mind about the soft drink deal due to the nature of the product ?
What organization discovered that the advertisements Beyoncé did for the soft drink company were 70 % positive ?
Beyonce worked with who on her perfumes , True Star and True Star Gold ?
The world ' s best selling celebrity perfume line belongs to whom ?
Beyonce ' s first fragrance had what name ?
The Mrs . Carter Show Limited Edition was released in what year ?
How much money did The Mrs . Carter Show Limited Edition fragrance make ?
What was Beyonce ' s 2010 perfume called ?
When was her second perfume , Heat Rush , released ?
What was Beyonce ' s third perfume named ?
How many editions of Heat have been launched ?
Which Emporio Armani fragrance did Beyoncé promote in 2007 ?
What year did Beyoncé introduce her first fragrance ?
What was Beyoncé ' s first fragrance called ?
How many editions of Heat exist ?
How young was Beyonce when she acquired deals from American Express and L ' Oreal ?
What was the name of the video game that was cancelled for Beyonce ?
When did Beyonce begin her deals with name brands ?
How many people lost jobs when Beyonce left the video game deal ?
How was the suit settled ?
What was the name of the video game ?
What video game did Beyoncé back out of ?
What company was producing the video game ?
How many people lost their jobs over Beyoncé backing out of the deal ?
When was the disagreement settled out of court ?
Who did Bayonce ' s management go into business with in 2014 ?
After their agreement together , Beyonce ' s and Topshop " new business was called what ?
What type of clothing does Parkwood Topshop Athletic Ltd produce ?
The company and products were set to be in stores when ?
Who did Beyonce partner with in London ?
When will the new line launch ?
What is the name of Beyoncé ' s management company ?
Who did Beyoncé and Parkwood Entertainment partner with in October 2014 ?
Where is Topshop located ?
What was the new division of Topshop because of the partnership ?
When was it discovered Beyonce was a co - owner of the music service , Tidal ?
The parent company of Tidal became under the ownership of whom in 2015 ?
When was it announced that Beyonce was a co - owner in Tidal ?
What kind of service is Tidal ?
What is a criticism of other streaming services ?
What music streaming system is Beyoncé part owner of ?
What is the parent company of the music service Beyoncé owns part of ?
Who acquired the parent company of the music service Beyoncé owns part of ?
What music service is accused of providing low royalty amounts ?
House of Dereon became known through Beyonce and which of Beyonce ' s relatives ?
Beyonce ' s grandma ' s name was ?
Beyonce ' s family ' s company name is what ?
What types of garments are sold by Beyonce ' s clothing line ?
Which two countries can you purchase Beyonce ' s clothing line ?
Who partnered with Beyonce to start the clothing line , Dereon ?
When did Beyonce and her mother start Dereon ?
Who was the business named for in Beyonce ' s family ?
Where were items from the clothing line displayed ?
Who shares in the House of Deréon fashion line introduction with Beyoncé ?
What is the name of the House of Deréon junior collection ?
What type of accessory company did Beyonce partner with in 2005 ?
In 2010 , Beyonce released Dereon to what country ?
Back - to - school shopping was introduced in what year of Beyonce ' s clothing line ?
What did Beyonce ' s Fashion Diva feature ?
What new idea did Beyonce and her mother launch in 2009 ?
When did Beyonce partner with C & A to sell fashion in Brazil ?
What company did Beyoncé get together with in 2005 to add shoes to her fashions ?
What was the name of the game put out by Starwave Mobile in 2008 that featured Beyoncé fashions ?
What was the name of the junior fashions launched in 2009 by Beyoncé and her mother ?
Who did Beyoncé team up with in 2010 to get her fashions into Brazil ?
Sasha Fierce for Deréon fashions were sold at stores that included Macy ' s and what other store ?
Beyonce , during October 2014 , partnered with whom to produce an outdoor line of clothing ?
Beyonce and Topshops first products were to be sold in stores when ?
What is the new business called ?
What is Beyonce ' s percentage of ownership in the new venture ?
When will the full line appear ?
What company did Beyoncé contract with to sell clothing in England ?
What is the name of the equal partnership ' s fashion line between Beyoncé and the British company to come out in 2016 ?
What type of clothing does the British partnership with Beyoncé sell ?
What national disaster caused Beyonce to create the Survivor Foundation ?
How much cash did Beyonce put into the venture , the Survivor Foundation at startup ?
What hurricane years later after Katrina did the organization provide support for ?
What did Beyonce and Rowland found in 2005 ?
How much did Beyonce initially contribute to the foundation ?
How has this foundation changed in recent years ?
What foundation did Beyoncé start after Hurricane Katrina ?
How much money did Beyoncé contribute at the beginning of her Hurricane Katrina foundation ?
What other hurricane did Beyoncé ' s foundation help with ?
Who did Beyonce participate with in the Hope for Haiti Now : A Global Benefit ?
Beyonce opened a cosmetology center in what location ?
After Osama Bin Laden ' s death , what single did Beyonce cover ?
How much did the T - shirt with Beyonce ' s image on it make ?
What enterprise did Beyonce and her mother start on March 5 , 2010 ?
What charity benefited from the release of the song , God Bless the USA ?
What did she participate in with George Clooney ?
Which two stars did Beyoncé help with their Haiti Earthquake organization ?
What did Beyoncé open at the Brooklyn Phoenix House in 2010 ?
What Lee Greenwood song did Beyoncé cover after Osama bin Laden was killed ?
Which national event caused Beyonce to produce " Demand a Plan ? "
What song did Beyonce contribute to the campaign ?
Beyonce is contributing to which food - donation campaign ?
On June 1 , 2013 where was the concert held for " a Chime for Change " ?
Beyonce was speaking about whom when she said her gift was " finding the best qualities in every human being . " ?
The Demand a Plan video campaign followed what tragic event ?
What was the focus of the Gucci Chime for Change campaign ?
What crowdfunding platform was used in the concert ?
What is the name of the campaign that Beyoncé and others are involved in that deals with gun control ?
What school shooting prompted the creation of Demand A Plan ?
What song did Beyoncé donate to the 2012 World Humanitarian Day campaign ?
Who did Beyoncé work with in 2013 on the Chime for Change campaign ?
What was Frédéric ' s nationalities ?
In what era was Frédéric active in ?
For what instrument did Frédéric write primarily for ?
In what area was Frédéric born in ?
At what age did Frédéric depart from Poland ?
What year was Chopin born ?
What era was Chopin active during ?
Where did Chopin grow up ?
What instrument did he mostly compose for ?
At what age did Chopin leave Poland ?
When did Chopin die ?
What was Chopin ' s full name ?
The majority of Chopin ' s compositions were for what instrument ?
Chopin was active during what era ?
In what year was Chopin born ?
In what city was Chopin born and raised ?
How old was Chopin when he left Poland ?
In what era of music did Chopin compose ?
What year did Chopin die ?
At what age did Frédéric move to Paris ?
How many public performances was Frédéric estimated to have given during the remainder of his life ?
In what year did Frédéric obtain citizenship in France ?
In what area had Frédéric ' s most productive period of composition taken place ?
What was Frédéric ' s most likely cause of death ?
Where did he end up living when he was 21 ?
How many public shows did he perform during the last years of his life ?
What other composer did Chopin develop a friendship with ?
What year did he gain citizenship in France ?
What is the name of the woman he had a relationship with from 1837 - 847 ?
At what age did Chopin move to Paris ?
During the last 18 years he lived about how many times did Chopin perform in public ?
What year did Chopin become a citizen of France ?
In the last years of his life who was the person that supported him financially ?
In what year did Chopin become a French citizen ?
Who gave Chopin money in the last years of his life ?
What was the likely cause of death for Chopin ?
What instrument did every composition by Frédéric include ?
What concept was Frédéric credited with creating ?
Whose music did Frédéric admire the most and thus provide influence on his work ?
What features marked Frédéric ' s performance style and made them unique ?
What establishments did Frédéric frequently visit in Paris that influenced his career ?
Which instrument do every one of his compositions include ?
What concept did Chopin create ?
What are two things Chopin ' s performances were known for ?
What three composers influenced Chopin ' s work ?
Chopin wrote some music to lyrics , what language were the lyrics ?
What instrument is involved in all of Chopin ' s work ?
Chopin composed several songs to lyrics of what language ?
Chopin ' s performances were known for what ?
What three composers did Chopin take inspiration from ?
What instrument was all of Chopin ' s compositions written for ?
What language were some songs written in that Chopin wrote music for ?
Of what venue was Chopin an often invited guest ?
What was the degree of Frédéric ' s association with political insurrection ?
What parts of Frédéric ' s personal life influenced his legacy as a leading symbol of the era ?
In which era was Frédéric leave a legacy of as a leading symbol ?
In what forms of media has Frédéric been the subject of ?
Where did Chopin create the majority of his compositions ?
Chopin is a native of what country ?
He had a non - direct association with what ?
Chopin is closely associated with what era ?
Where did Chopin create most of his works ?
Chopin was indirectly related to what ?
Chopin is considered a prominent symbol of what ?
In what village was Frédéric born in ?
On what date was Frédéric born on ?
Despite the birthdate given by parish baptismal , what date is given by the composer and his family instead ?
What was the latin form of Frédéric ' s full name ?
How many miles was the village Frédéric born in located to the west of Warsaw ?
Where was Chopin born ?
Who was responsible for the creation of the Duchy of Warsaw ?
When was his birthday recorded as being ?
What birth date is now considered as his actual birthday ?
Chopin ' s given names in Latin are what ?
The Duchy of Warsaw was created by whom ?
Chopin ' s birth is recorded as when ?
What birth date is now considered correct for Chopin ?
What is the Latin form of Chopin ' s name ?
Chopin was actually born outside of Warsaw at what location ?
What famous French leader had established the Polish state at this time ?
Who did Frédéric ' s father marry in 1806 ?
On what date was Frédéric baptised ?
What language did Frédéric ' s father , Nicolas , insist on using in the household ?
What was the given name of Chopin ' s father ?
Where was Chopin ' s father from ?
Chopin ' s father married who ?
What is the name of Chopin ' s godfather ?
What is the name of Chopin ' s eldest sister ?
What was Chopin ' s father ' s first name ?
From where id Chopin ' s father emigrate from ?
What is Chopin ' s older sister ' s name ?
During what month did Frédéric move to Warsaw with his family ?
What language did Frédéric ' s father teach after they had moved to Warsaw ?
Where did Frédéric live with his family while they were in Warsaw ?
What two instruments did Frédéric ' s father play during this time ?
What was Frédéric prone to during early childhood as a result of his slight build ?
When did Chopin ' s family move to Warsaw ?
Where did Chopin ' s father get a teaching position ?
What instruments did Chopin ' s father play ?
What instrument did Chopin ' s mother teach ?
How old was Chopin when his family moved to Warsaw ?
What language did Chopin ' s father teach ?
What two instruments did Chopin ' s father play ?
What instrument did Chopin ' s mother teach at the boarding house ?
Where did Chopin live with his family in Warsaw ?
Who was Frédéric ' s first professional teacher in music ?
Which sister did Frédéric play duets with sometimes while being tutored at this time ?
At what age did Frédéric start giving public concerts ?
What did Frédéric compose during the year of 1817 ?
What is the earliest surviving musical notation composed by Frédéric ?
Who was Chopin ' s initial piano teacher ?
Which of his sisters did Chopin sometimes duet with ?
At what age did Chopin start playing publicly ?
What year did Chopin compose his first work ?
During what years did Chopin receive instruction from Żywny ?
What is the name of Chopin ' s first music teacher that was not an amateur musician ?
Which of Chopin ' s sisters would play music with him ?
How old was Chopin when he began to perform for the public ?
Who was Chopin ' s earliest piece of music , that there is a record of , dedicated to ?
In what year was the Saxon Palace taken by the Russian governor for use regarding the military ?
What establishment today contains what was known as the Warsaw Lyceum during that time ?
What building was Frédéric ' s new home adjacent to ?
What palace was Frédéric sometimes invited to as a companion of the ruler ' s son ?
What short poem spoke of Frédéric ' s popularity as a child ?
The Saxon Palace was taken over for military use in what year ?
The Warsaw Lyceum was moved to where ?
As a child Chopin was invited to play with the son of whom ?
What did Chopin create for Grand Duke Constantine ?
In one of his works who affirmed the popularity of Chopin as a child ?
What was the place Chopin was invited to as a friend of ruler ' s son ?
What is the title and name of the ruler whose son Chopin was friends with ?
What type of musical piece did Chopin compose for his friend ' s ruling father ?
Who wrote in 1818 about the popularity of Chopin ?
During what years did Frédéric visit the Warsaw Lyceum for lessons ?
Who was Frédéric a student of involving music theory starting in 1826 ?
What was the name of the mechanical organ Frédéric performed on during 1825 ?
Which tsar did Frédéric perform for due to his success in previous concerts ?
On what date was Frédéric ' s first performance that earned international esteem ?
Who taught Chopin to play the organ ?
Chopin had three years of lessons with whom ?
What instrument did Chopin play in front of Tsar Alexander I ?
What gift did Tsar Alexander I give to Chopin ?
What was the first of Chopin ' s works to gain international renown ?
Who gave Chopin instruction on how to play the organ ?
What was the name of the teacher of Chopin ' s three year course that began in the fall of 1826 ?
What is th ename of the mechanical organ Chopin played in 1825 ?
What did Tsar Alexander I give to Chopin ?
What is the title of his first commercially successful work ?
Who was Frédéric a guest of during his visit of Szafarnia in 1824 and 1825 ?
In which village did Frédéric first experience rural Polish folk music ?
To whom did Frédéric write letters to during his stay in Szafarnia ?
What did Frédéric write parodies of in his letters ?
During his vacation in 1824 and 1825 who did Chopin spend his vacation with ?
What type of music did Chopin discover for the first time while staying in Szafarnia ?
What was the name of the person who hosted Chopin as a guest when he discovered Polish rural folk music ?
What was the title chopin gave of some spoof letters he wrote ?
Where did Chopin spend his vacation in 1824 and 1825 ?
During what year did Frédéric ' s youngest sister , Emilia , pass away ?
What street did Frédéric ' s family move to after the death of his youngest sister ?
What year did Frédéric leave Warsaw after moving with his family to the south annex of Krasiński Palace ?
What did the Chopin ' s family business become in the 20th century ?
Which artist created the first known portrait of Frédéric ?
What year did Chopin ' s sister Emilia die ?
What year did Chopin leave Warsaw ?
What was the Chopin family ' s business ?
What artist painted the Chopin family ?
Who in Chopin ' s family died shortly before they moved in 1827 ?
What year did Chopin leave Warsaw ?
What was the Chopin boarding house called in English ?
What artist made portraits of the Chopin family in 1829 ?
Was the Chopin family boarding house for male or female students ?
Of the individuals that became intimate with Frédéric during their stay at the family apartments , which two became part of Frédéric ' s social environment in Paris ?
Which singer was cited specifically as someone Frédéric was attracted to ?
What four boys from his family ' s boarding house became friends with Chopin ?
Which singer did Chopin become fascinated with ?
Which of Chopin ' s works was unknowingly dedicated to Gladkowska ?
When did Chopin receive his last Conservatory report ?
Which two of Chopin ' s friends became part of his Paris milieu ?
What was the name of the singing student Chopin was attracted to ?
To whom did Chopin reveal in letters which parts of his work were about the singing student he was infatuated with ?
What musical piece had a Larghetto dedicated to the female singing student Chopin was infatuated with ?
How many boarders of his family ' s boarding house became intimate friends with Chopin ?
Who did Frédéric visit Berlin with in September 1828 ?
Which opera director did Frédéric see works of during his stay in Berlin ?
Who was Frédéric a guest of during his stay in Berlin in 1829 ?
What piece did Frédéric create specifically for the prince and the prince ' s daughter , Wanda ?
When did Chopin visit Berlin ?
With whom did Chopin go to Berlin ?
While in Berlin he saw the operatic work of who ?
In 1829 on a trip back to Berlin Chopin was a guest of who ?
What piece did Chopin create for Prince Antoni ?
What year did Chopin visit Berlin while still a student ?
Who did Chopin go to Berlin with ?
What did the person who Chopin went with to Berlin do for his work ?
Who directed the operas they enjoyed in Berlin ?
What year did Chopin return to Berlin ?
What did Frédéric compose after hearing Niccolò Paganini perform on the violin ?
During what month did Frédéric make his first appearance in Vienna ?
How many piano concerts did Frédéric perform in Vienna during this time ?
On what date did Frédéric give his first performance of Piano Concerto No . 2 in F minor , Op . 21 ?
What did Chopin compose after hearing Niccolo Paganini ?
Where did Chopin debut after completing his studies ?
What piece did Chopin debut after returning to Warsaw ?
When did Chopin return to Warsaw ?
Why did some critics say that Chopin was too delicate ?
Who did Chopin hear play violin in 1829 that prompted him to write a composisition ?
Where did Chopin make his debut after completing his education ?
How many public performances did Chopin do where he made his debut after completing his education ?
How many weeks after completing school was it before Chopin made his public debut ?
On what date did Frédéric begin his journey into Western Europe ?
Which country did Frédéric go to first after setting out for Western Europe ?
In what year did his companion Woyciechowski depart to Poland to enlist for the uprising in Warsaw ?
What historian commented that the events involving Frédéric ' s friend in Poland contributed to his maturing ?
Who said that Chopin set out " into the wide world , with no very clearly defined aim , forever ? "
Who did Chopin leave for Austria with ?
Where did Chopin intend to go after Austria ?
Woyciechowski left Chopin to enlist in what ?
What geographicla region was opened for Chopin due to his composing and performances ?
When Chopin started to take his music to the world , what is the last name of the person who went with him to Austria ?
What year did the uprising begin in Warsaw ?
What were the words Chopin wrote to a friend when he was alone and homesick ?
What year did Chopin learn that the uprising in Warsaw was crushed ?
What event was Frédéric a part of when he arrived in Paris during the later part of September in 1831 ?
What version of Frédéric ' s birth name did he begin using after arriving in France ?
In what year did Frédéric officially acquire French citizenship ?
What were the two kinds of relationships stated as Frédéric having with his fellow Poland natives in exile ?
What nationality is stated as the one Frédéric felt most identified by ?
When did Chopin reach Paris ?
By not going back to Poland Chopin became part of what ?
In what year did Chopin become a French citizen ?
What is the name of Chopin ' s biographer ?
After 1831 , what country did Chopin never return to ?
What country ' s passport did he have from 1835 ?
What language was Chopin never completely at ease speaking ?
What biographer of Chopin wrote that Chopin never considered himself French ?
Due to the numbers of expatriates of Poland after the uprising , what did it become to be known as ?
In what city did Frédéric achieve celebrity status ?
Who was the principal of the Polish Literary Society that Frédéric became acquainted with ?
What did Frédéric create from verses of the poet Adam Mickiewicz ?
What poet did Chopin use verses from for songs ?
What people did Chopin meet while in Paris ?
What was the name of the poet Chopin became acquainted with in Paris ?
What position did the poet who Chopin knew in Paris hold ?
Which friend of Frédéric failed to achieve success in England ?
Who was Frédéric ' s trusted adviser while in Paris ?
What familial role was Albert Grzymała compared to in regards to Frédéric ?
Who is stated as a jack of all trades in service to Frédéric ?
What nationality were the two friends who served as a pivotal influence in Frédéric ' s life while in Paris ?
Julian Fontana tried to find his way where before moving to Paris ?
Where did Julian Fontana fail to get established ?
Who did Chopin know that became rich in Paris ?
Which friend of Chopin became like an older brother to him ?
Which friend took on the role of several jobs to help Chopin including copyist ?
Where were Chopin and Fontana students together ?
Who gave Frédéric his first significant public approval in regards to his compositions ?
On what date did Frédéric give his first performance at the Salle Pleyel ?
What is stated as a hindrance for Frédéric ' s ability to perform in large concert spaces ?
Who did Frédéric rely upon financially before earning a great income from his works ?
From whom did Chopin receive his first big endorsement ?
When did Chopin debut at Salle Pleyel ?
What affluent family did Chopin gain a patronage from ?
When did Chopin receive his first major endorsement from Robert Schumann ?
What did Chopin realize was not ideal for larger spaces after his first successful concert in Paris ?
Once Chopin stopped performing concerts , how did he earn his income ?
What was Frédéric ' s favorite environment to perform in ?
What instrument did Frédéric play in a performance on 23 March 1833 ?
Chopin gave a yearly performance where ?
Chopin worked with Liszt on what piece ?
In 1833 with whom with Chopin work to get his music published ?
What is the name of Chopin ' s pupil who performed with him ?
Where did Chopin prefer to play for people ?
On March 23 , 1833 , who headlined and performed with Chopin at a concert ?
Who did Chopin contract with for publishing his music ?
Who did Frédéric meet in the spring of 1834 at the Lower Rhenish Music Festival ?
What two activities did Frédéric do while visiting for a day in Düsseldorf with Mendelssohn and Hiller ?
Who was the director of the Academy of Art that Frédéric met while in Düsseldorf ?
Where were Frédéric ' s parents located at when he saw them for the final time in 1835 ?
Where did Chopin meet Felix Mendelssohn ?
Who did Chopin attend the Lower Rhenish Music Festival with ?
In 1835 where did Chopin and his parents visit ?
When did Chopin propose marriage to Maria Wodziński ?
Who was Maria ' s mother ?
Who did Chopin meet at a music festival early in 1834 ?
Where did Chopin and Hiller go with the person Chopin met in the spring of 1834 ?
What was Friedrich Wilhelm Schadow position ?
What was the first name of the girl Chopin proposed to ?
Who was the recipient of Frédéric ' s letter he wrote on 12 December 1831 ?
What are the three names stated in Frédéric ' s letter that he had shown interest and curiosity in ?
Who is stated as being in attendance of Frédéric ' s first performance at the Salle Pleyel on 26 February 1832 ?
What was the date that LIszt first saw Chopin perform ?
Which friend received the letter in which Chopin referenced Liszt ?
Where was Chopin ' s first concert in Paris held ?
What address did Frédéric live at during his stay in Paris ?
How far down the road did Liszt live from Frédéric during this time ?
How many times did Frédéric and Liszt collaborate in performances during the years of 1833 to 1841 ?
For whose benefit was the first of these concerts performed for on 2 April 1833 ?
At which two establishments was the last of these performances conducted at on 25 and 26 April 1841 ?
When was the first time Liszt and Chopin performed together ?
What was the charity that Liszt and Chopin last performed for ?
Where did Liszt and Chopin last perform together ?
When Liszt lived close to Chopin , where did he call home ?
How many times did Chopin and Liszy perform together in public ?
Who did the first concert of Chopin and Liszt benefit ?
What term describes the qualities of the relationship between Frédéric and Liszt ?
What three qualities of Liszt are stated to have captivated Frédéric ?
What did Frédéric receive from Liszt when the latter performed a nocturne with certain embellishments added ?
What did Frédéric introduce Liszt as in when referring to him in his letters up to 1848 ?
What piece did Chopin dedicate to Liszt ?
What was the name of Liszt ' s mistress ?
Who did Chopin dedicate the Op . 10 Études to ?
Who apologized to Chopin for adding embellishments to a musical piece he perforemed that was written by Chopin ?
What was the name of Liszt ' s mistress ?
Who did Chopin write to displaying his desire to take away a performers ability to play his music ?
What was the name of the man who biogrpahers think Chopin was concerned about Liszt ' s growing relationship with ?
Who was the host of the gathering where Frédéric was introduced to George Sand ?
What did Frédéric label the place in which he placed Maria and her mother ' s letters about the unlikely marriage ?
Who did George Sand write to when admitting having a strong affection for Frédéric ?
What is the name of the author Chopin met at a gathering put on by Marie d ' Agoult ?
What was a possible reason for Chopin ' s failed engagement to Maria Wodzińska ?
What did Chopin write on the box of letters from Maria and her mother ?
Who hosted the party whre Chopin met George Sand ?
What year did Maria Wodzińska ' s mother tell Chopin that he likely would not marry her daughter ?
What did Chopin write on the package that contained letters from Maria and her mother ?
Who did Sand confide to in a letter about her feelings for Chopin in June , 1838 ?
What city did Frédéric visit in June 1837 ?
What event occurred on Frédéric ' s return to Paris ?
How many years older was George Sand compared to Frédéric ?
What adjective is used to describe Frédéric and Sand ' s time together during the winter of 1838 ?
Where did Frédéric and Sand venture to after Majorca became unlivable when it was discovered they were not married ?
With whom did Chopin go to London with in 1837 ?
What was James Broadwood ' s occupation ?
How much older was George Sands than Chopin ?
During Sands and Chopin ' s visit to Majorca who were they fleeing ?
After it became known that Sands and Chopin were unmarried where did they end up taking up shelter ?
When did Chopin and Sand become lovers ?
Where did Chopin and Sand go between November 1838 and February 1839 ?
Who joined Chopin and Sand on their trip to Majorca ?
One of the reasons Chopin and Sand went to Majorca was to escape the threats of who ?
Where did Chopin and Sand stay in Valldemossa ?
How many doctors saw Frédéric by the 3rd of December ?
What did Frédéric have trouble playing as a result of his growing illness ?
What condition did Frédéric describe the piano that arrived to him through many dangerous obstacles ?
How many doctors visited Chopin ?
What month did Chopin ' s piano arrive ?
What did Chopin compalin about ?
What did Chopin have a hard time getting delivered to Majorca ?
What month did Chopin ' s Pleyel piano arrive in Majorca ?
Who did Chopin send his Preludes to ?
What is stated as having a negative effect on Frédéric ' s health during this productive time ?
What culture of French people did Sand sell the piano to ?
What city did the group travel to in order to help Frédéric recover ?
Where was Sand ' s estate located where they stayed for the summers until 1846 ?
Where did Frédéric and Sand move to in 1842 in buildings next to each other ?
Who did Sand sell Chopin ' s piano to ?
Where did the group travel to after Barcelona ?
Where was Sand ' s home ?
After returning to Paris where was Chopin ' s apartment ?
In 1842 where did Chopin and Sand move ?
What had a negative effect on Chopin ' s health ?
Who did Sand sell the piano to ?
Where did they travel after leaving Barcelona ?
Where did Chopin and Sand move to in 1842 ?
Where did they spend most summers until 1846 ?
What event were Chopin and Sand at on 26 July 1840 ?
What anniversary was the July Revolution that Sand and Chopin were present at a dress rehearsal for ?
At whose funeral did Chopin play in 1839 ?
What instrument did Chopin play at Adolphe Nourrit ' s funeral ?
What piece did Chopin play at Adolphe Nourrit ' s funeral ?
Chopin attended the funeral of who in 1839 ?
What did Chopin play at the funeral ?
What was the dress rehearsal for ?
It was in commemoration of the tenth anniversary of what ?
What is the example given of a work produced by Frédéric during calm summers at Nohant ?
Which of the two people that visited Chopin were tutored by him on piano ?
On what date did Delacroix write a letter based on his visit at Nohant ?
What did Chopin help Pauline Viardot with ?
Who were two visitors to Chopin while in Nohant ?
What two things did Chopin advise Viardot on ?
Who wrote a letter on June 7 , 1842 about a stay in Nohant ?
In which year did Chopin begin experiencing a serious decline in health ?
To whom did Chopin write a letter on 21 February 1842 about his agonizing pain ?
What performance was Chopin forced to decline due to his increasing ill health ?
What instrument did Chopin play for Charles Hallé when the latter visited him ?
What has current day research suggested that Chopin was suffering from alongside his other illnesses ?
Starting in what year did Chopin start showing evidence of very bad health ?
What second performance did Chopin have to decline to play ?
What specific illness does modern evidence point to Chopin having ?
When did Chopin show signs of serious illness ?
Chopin wrote in 1842 that he had to lie in bed all day because what ached so much ?
Chopin had to decline who ' s invitation in 1843 to particpate in a performance at Erard ' s ?
Who visited Chopin in 1844 and wrote about his inability to move ?
Modern medicine indicates Chopin may have suffered from what condition ?
What was the name of Sand ' s daughter ' s fiance that contributed to deteriorating the relationship between Sand and Chopin ?
What was the interest Sand had that Chopin showed apathy towards ?
What did Sand begin referring to Chopin as as his illness got worse ?
What was the name of Sand ' s novel she published in reference to her situation with Chopin ?
In what year did Chopin and Sand ultimately bring their relationship to a close ?
When did Chopin ' s relationship with Sand start to deteriorate ?
Whom did Sand ' s daughter Solange become engaged to ?
What novel did Sand write in 1847 ?
Who was the fortune hunter engaged to Sand ' s daughter ?
What role did Sand take on as her relationship with Chopin progressed ?
What was the name of Sand ' s book where the main characters can be interpreted as Sand and Chopin ?
When did Chopin end his relationship with Sand ?
What was the name of the single piece of work he wrote in 1844 ?
What can be said of these works compared to his work in other years even though the quantity was less ?
How many pieces did Chopin write in 1841 ?
How many pieces did Chopin compose in 1842 ?
What piece did Chopin compose in 1844 ?
How many works did Chopin write in 1842 ?
How many works did Chopin write in 1843 ?
How many works did Chopin write in 1845 ?
In what month and year did Chopin give his final performance ?
With whom did Chopin perform his final concert ?
When did Chopin last perform ?
Who did Chopin last perform with ?
Plitical strife , popularity decline , instability of era and fewer students caused Chopin to what ?
Who did Chopin have at his last Parisian concert in 1848 ?
What instrument did Auguste Franchomme play ?
What television station made a documentary on Chopin ?
What two people created a documentary on Chopin for Italian tv ?
What was the title of the documentary the BBC released ?
What television station released a documentary on Chopin ?
What was the name of the documentary released by the BBC ?
What are the names of the two people that created a documentary for Italian tele vision ?
Who did a work for Italian television about Chopin ' s life ?
What was the name of the 1945 movie released about Chopin ?
What is the name of the actor who received and Oscar nomination for his role as Chopin ?
What year was La valse de l ' adieu released ?
Who starred as Chopin in Impromptu ?
Chopins relations with whom have been fictionalized in movies ?
What 1945 film was a fictionalized accounting of the relationship between Chopin and Sand ?
Who portrayed Chopin in A Song to Remember ?
Who portrayed Chopin in the 1928 film , La valse de l ' adieu ?
Who portrayed Chopin in the 1991 film , Impromptu ?
When was the first fictionalized account of Chopin ' s life ?
Where was the first fictionalized account of Chopin ' s life created ?
Who is responsible for the first fictionalized account of Chopin ' s life ?
What is thought to be the first fictionalized work about Chopin ?
What style is the fictionalized " Chopin " in ?
Who wrote the fictionalized " Chopin ? "
When was the fictionalized " Chopin " produced ?
Where was the fictionalized " Chopin " produced ?
An 1830 sonnet was written about Chopin by what man ?
Aside from George Sands what two French authors have written about Chopin ?
Leon Ulrich wrote about Chopin in what format ?
What is the earliest sighting of Chopin in Polish Literature ?
When did Ulrich do his sonnet on Chopin ?
In addition to Polish and French , what other language has numerous biogrpahies of Chopin ?
The Warsaw Chopin Society holds the Grand prix du disque de F . Chopin how often ?
What is the name of the event that The Warsaw Chopin Society holds ?
On Chopin ' s 200th anniversary critics of what publication made recommendations on recordings of Chopin ' s work ?
Who organizes the Grand prix du disque de F . Chopin for notable Chopin recordings ?
How often is the Grand prix du disque de F . Chopin for notable Chopin recordings held ?
Upon Chopin ' s bicentenary , who recommended a list of who should perform Chopin ?
What year was the earliest Chopin recording created ?
What is the title of the earliest known recording of Chopin ' s work ?
Who played the earlier known recording of Chopin ' s work ?
What has stated that every pianist in the recording era has used Chopin ' s music ?
When did Pabst record his Chopin performance ?
Who has given a discography of pianists ' representation of Chopin ' s pedagogic style ?
What is the name of the oldest music essay competition ?
What year was the International Chopin Piano Competition founded ?
Where is the International Chopin Piano Competition held ?
How often is the International Chopin Piano Competition held ?
The Fryderyk Chopin Institute of Poland includes approximately how many recordings of Chopin ' s work from Youtube ?
What is the world ' s oldest monographic music competition ?
When was the International Chopin Piano Competition established ?
There are over 80 societies throughout the world that have been established because of Chopin and his music according to who ?
How many known works of Chopin ' s music were on YouTube up to the beginning of 2014 ?
What is the name of the ballet that included Chopin ' s work ?
Who choreographed a ballet which included Chopin ' s work ?
Chopiniana later went by a different name , what is that name ?
Who orchestrated Chopiniana ?
What year was the Chopiniana released ?
Which 1909 ballet used Chopin ' s music ?
Who choreographed Chopiniana ?
Who orchestrated Chopiniana ?
Sergei Diaghilev obtained additional orchestrations for subsequent productions , using which title ?
Where did Chopin head to during the Revolution of 1848 ?
Who provided the majority of funds for his concert tour in London ?
Where did Chopin go in the spring of 1848 ?
What two people suggested the 1848 tour ?
Who paid for most of the 1848 music tour of Chopin ?
What was happening in April 1848 in Paris ?
What was Jane Stirling ' s national heritage ?
Where did Chopin stay while in London ?
What company provided Chopin with a piano while in London ?
Where was Chopin ' s initial performance ?
What two notable guests were present during his premiere performance at Stafford House ?
What date did he perform with Viardot ?
What steet did Chopin stay on in London ?
What did Broadway provide for Chopin ?
What two dignitaries where at his first performance in London ?
In addition to hearing him play , what else did people seek from Chopin in London ?
Who sang chopin arrangements on July 7 of the year Chopin was in London ?
Where did Jane Stirling invite Chopin ?
What doctor was with Chopin when he wrote out his will ?
Where was Chopin invited to in late summer ?
What city did Chopin perform at on September 27 ?
What did Chopin write while staying with Doctor Adam Łyszczyński ?
When did Chopin last appear in public ?
Where was Chopin ' s last public performance ?
Who were the beneficiaries of his last public concert ?
What was the diagnosis of Chopin ' s health condition at this time ?
Where was Chopin ' s last public performance ?
Who did Chopin play for while she sang ?
In 1849 where did Chopin live ?
Who was anonymously paying for Chopin ' s apartment ?
When did Chopin return to Paris ?
Chopin accompanied which singer for friends ?
Where did his friends found Chopin an apartment in 1849 ?
Who paid for Chopin ' s apartment in Chaillot ?
When did Jenny Lind visit Chopin ?
When did his sister come to stay with Chopin ?
In September 1849 where did Chopin take up residence ?
Which family member came to Paris in June 1849 ?
Who accompanied Chopin ' s sister to Paris ?
Who gave Chopin a loan in September for an apartment ?
What did Parisian ladies consider proper etiquette when in Chopin ' s room ?
Why did Chopin request being cut open after his death ?
What did Chopin reply to the doctor when asked is he was suffering ?
Who made Chopin ' s death mask ?
Why did Chopin want his body opened when he died ?
What did Solange ' s husband make hours after Chopin ' s death along with his death mask ?
What is listed as Chopin ' s official cause of death ?
What was the name of Chopin ' s doctor ?
What has the Polish government not allowed to find true cause of death ?
What was the cause of death on Chopin ' s death certificate ?
Who was Chopin ' s physician ?
Other possiblities for Chopin ' s death include cirrhosis , alpha 1 - antitrypsin deficiency , and what ?
Who has denied testing Chopin ' s DNA to determine the actual cause of death ?
Where was Chopin ' s funeral held ?
How long was Chopin ' s funeral delayed ?
How many people arrived for Chopin ' s funeral ?
Where was Chopin ' s funeral held ?
How long was Chopin ' s funeral delayed ?
How many people arrived without an invitation ?
What song was sung at Chopin ' s funeral ?
Who was the organist at Chopin ' s funeral ?
Who led Chopin ' s funeral procession ?
What was played at his graveside ?
What Mozart song was sung at Chopin ' s funeral ?
Who was the organist for Chopin ' s funeral ?
Which cemetery was Chopin buried in ?
Who led the funeral procession ?
What was played at Chopin ' s graveside ?
Who sculpted Chopin ' s tombstone ?
What is the name of the muse carved on Chopin ' s tombstone ?
How much did Chopin ' s funeral cost ?
Who paid for Chopin ' s funeral ?
Chopin ' s sister Ludwika took his heart back to Warsaw preserved in what ?
Who designed Chopin ' s tombstone ?
How much did Chopin ' s funeral and monument cost ?
Who paid for Chopin ' s funeral ?
Who took Chopin ' s heart to Poland ?
Who ended up with the 200 letters from Sand to Chopin ?
How many of Chopin ' s works still exist ?
All of his pieces include what instrument ?
How many Chopin pieces are known to have survived ?
Only a few of Chopin ' s pieces involve more than the piano , including piano concertos , songs and what ?
Whose piano method did Chopin teach his students ?
Whose piano method did Chopin use with his students ?
Who did Chopin say were the two most important composers in his own music influences ?
Chopin looked to Beethoven , Mozart , Clementi and who for his own music education ?
Who is credited with creating the nocturne ?
Chopin was the first person to create what as singular concert pieces ?
What new genre di John Field invent ?
Chopin was first in writing what for concerts ?
What musical concept did Chopin exploit ?
What three other musicians were developing the new genre ?
How many polonaises were published while Chopin lived ?
How many polonaises were published after Chopin died ?
Chopin was credited for making what more internationally known ?
What is different about Chopin ' s waltzes versus a ballroom waltz ?
What did Chopin add to the modern dance of his era ?
Chopin ' s Polish dance music was developed for what type of hall ?
What was Chopin responsible for making popular with Euorpeans ?
How many Chopin polonaises were published after his death ?
What dance music of Chopin was written more for recitals than ballrooms ?
What is another title Op . 10 , No . 12 has garnered ?
What is the only piece Chopin gave an actual title to ?
The Funeral March was written as part of what piece ?
How many instrumental works did Chopin give a descriptive name to ?
What descriptive name was Op . 10 , No . 12 given ?
What descriptive name was Op . 64 , No . 1 given ?
What was the last number Chopin gave to an opus ?
Who was Chopin ' s musical executor ?
How many unfinished pieces did Julian Fontana make into eight more opus numbers ?
Op . 74 is made up of how many Polish songs ?
What is the last opus number that Chopin used ?
Who grouped 23 unpublished pieces and published them as Opp . 66 - 73 in 1855 ?
When was Op . 74 published ?
The Kobylańska Catalogue was named for who ?
Pieces published after what year stopped receiving opus numbers ?
What have pieces published after 1857 been given rather than opus numbers ?
What is the current musicologist reference for Chopin ' s pieces ?
What is the shortened reference for the Kobylańska Catalogue ?
Who compiled the Kobylańska Catalogue ?
Who released the first collection of Chopin ' s works ?
Who edited the Polish " National Edition " of Chopin ' s works ?
Maurice Schlesinger and Camille Pleyel were what to Chopin ?
Where did Chopin ' s work start t oshow up ?
What was the name under scholarly publications of Chopin ' s work form 1937 to 1966 ?
Who edited the Polish National Edition ?
What is central to Chopin ' s process ?
Rosen suggests that a central part of Chopin ' s uniqueness is how he handles what ?
What is central to Chopin ' s creativeness ?
Who wrote that " improvisation is designed for an audience " ?
What did Rosen suggest was important about chopin ' s personality ?
What piece does J . Barrie Jones pinpoint as a great example of Chopin ' s palette ?
What does J . Barrie Jones feel stands supreme of Chopin ' s concert pieces ?
What form does Temperley feel that Chopin ' s ballades and scherzos are based on ?
Chopin ' s mazurkas contain more of what than his other compositions ?
What form are Chopin ' s mazurkas and waltzes in ?
Which of Chopin ' s works shows more folk aspects ?
What type of bass do Chopin ' s mazurkas exhibit ?
What does Chopin ' s Op . 63 No . 3 have that is rare ?
What time are Chopin ' s polonaises written in ?
Chopin ' s ability to create an advanced polonasises surpassed even two of his teachers , Zywny and who ?
Chopin ' s polonaise often have what kind of rhythm in their melodies ?
Chopin ' s polonaises needed what kind of playing technique ?
How many nocturnes did Chopin compose ?
What is it about the middle of Chopin ' s nocturnes that increases their drama ?
Chopin ' s nocturnes were more structured than who ?
What year did Chopin meet Field ?
Which type of Chopin ' s compositons were difficult for perfomers due to their middle sections ?
What pieces of his did Chopin use to teach his technique ?
What form are most of Chopin ' s études in ?
Chopin often taught his piano technique using what form of music he wrote ?
What piece of Bach ' s did Chopin take inspiration for his preludes ?
Who suggested that Chopin ' s preludes were not intended to be played as a group ?
What was described as " the beginning of studies " by Schumann ?
What inspired Chopin for his preludes ?
Kenneth Hamilton suggests that the preludes may not have been meant as a group but rather as what ?
Who did a recording where Étude Op . 10 No . 5 . follows relude Op . 28 No . 7 ?
How many movements are No . 2 , Op . 35 and No . 3 , Op 58 in ?
What two people claimed that Op 58 was " worthy of Brahms " ?
How many movements are in No . 2 , Op . 35 and No . 3 , Op 58 ?
Which movement was found lacking in musicality by Schumann ?
According to music historians , which sonata is similar to German tradition and worthy of Brahms ?
Chopin ' s chord progressions are similar in style to what other composer ?
What likely arose due to Chopin ' s technique with keyboards ?
Who wrote about Chopin ' s " novel harmonic effects " ?
What was Chopin ' s style based upon ?
Who wrote about a Chopin 1841 recital ?
What writing of Chopin talks about everything about piano playing has to do with proper fingering ?
According to J . Barrie Jones who was the only true successor to Chopin ?
Many people were considered influenced by Chopin ' s what ?
Who was Alexander Scriabin ' s teacher ?
Who was Chopin ' s worthy successor according to Jones ?
Who was devoted to the music of Chopin ?
Who was Alexander Scriabin ' s teacher ?
Who wrote that the current large concert style conflicts with Chopin ' s preference of intimate performances ?
What did Chopin tend to avoid ?
What has been falsely credited to Chopin ?
What did Chopin tell a student is given up in concerts ?
Who wrote about Chopin ' s " chromatic embroidery " ?
Who wrote that Chopin ' s music , when played by him , became a " colorful wreath of flowers " ?
Chopin ' s compositions are often played with what ?
What does rubato mean ?
In Chopin ' s music where strict timing is disregarded , what is it called ?
What type of Chopin ' s music had the most disregard for strict timing according to Charles Rosen ?
According to who did Chopin demand strictly sticking with rhythm ?
Which student said Chopin made sure his students knew his legato , cantabile style of playing ?
According to Friederike Müller , Chopin insisted his students have the strictest adherence to what ?
Chopin was noted as introducing music to what ?
What year did Schumann review Chopin ' s piano concertos ?
In his review Schumann made note of Chopin ' s emotions for what ?
Why did Schumann say the Poles were in mourning ?
A biography on Chopin released under Franz Liszt ' s name was likely written by who ?
Chopin was able to bring about a new sense of nationalism with his music because of his mazurkas and what ?
Who wrote a glowing review of Chopin ' s love for his country through his music in 1836 ?
Schumann described Chopin ' s music as cannons buried in what ?
Though Franz Liszt is credited with Chopin ' s 1863 biography , who probably actually wrote it ?
Who said that Chopin ' s familiarity with Polish music was more " urbanised " than true folk music ?
George Golos references what two musicians when claiming Chopin ' s nationalism was overrated ?
Who said Chopin ' s works were modeled after Bach , Beethoven , Schubert and Field ?
William Atwood suggested that Chopin ' s music wasn ' t purposely patriotic but what ?
A modern commentator , William Atwood , feels Poles not only sought solace in Chopin ' s music but also found them a source of strength as they continued to fight for what ?
Where were Poles scattered to ?
Arthur Hutchings stated that Chopin ' s lack of what made him special ?
Who were two of Chopin ' s contemporaries ?
What place was considered lucky for Chopin to have arrived at considering how much he charged for piano lessons ?
Who said Chopin was unlike his romantic contemporaries Liszt and Henri Herz ?
In what suite did Schumann name a work for Chopin ?
What piece of Chopin ' s work was dedicated to Schumann ?
How many of Chopin ' s Polish songs did Liszt transliterate for piano ?
With who did Chopin feel comfortable speaking of folk music with ?
What was recognized about Chopin from his musical peers ?
What Schumann suite contained the name of a piece Schumann named for Chopin ?
What piece did Chopin dedicate to Schumann ?
What other musician shows to have elements of Chopin in his work ?
Who dedicated his 1915 piano Études to Chopin ?
For what publisher to Debussy edit Chopin ' s music for ?
Who was a student of Chopin ' s former students and actually recorded some Chopin music ?
What music did Debussy play a lot at the Paris Conservatoire ?
Who were Wang Jiawei and Nyima Gyaincain ?
What important trade did the Ming Dynasty have with Tibet ?
During what years did the Mongol leader Kublai Khan rule ?
Who did the Yongle Emperor try to build a religious alliance with ?
Deshin Shekpa was the head of what school ?
The Tibetan leaders had a diplomacy with what neighboring state ?
What did the Tibetans use against Ming forays ?
Who were the armed protectors for the Gelug Dalai Lama ?
Which regime did Güshi Khan help establish ?
When was the Mongol - Tibetan alliance started ?
In what century did the Tibetan Empire fall ?
Who signed multiple peace treaties with the Tang ?
What did one of the treaties between the Tang and Tibet help fix ?
Who was the Tangs biggest rival ?
What year did Tang and Tibet sign a treaty to fix the borders ?
When did the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period of China take place ?
When did the Song dynasty take place ?
What dynasty was concerned with countering northern enemy states ?
Who ruled the Liao dynasty ?
Who ruled the Jin dynasty ?
Which ruler took Western Xia under their control ?
Who was Genghis Khan ' s successor ?
What years did Ögedei Khan rule ?
Who invaded Tibet ?
Who was the Mongol prince ?
Who was the leader of the Sakya school of Tibetan Buddhism ?
Who was the regent of the Mongol Empire ?
In what years was Töregene Khatun the regent of the Mongol Empire ?
How many states were ruled by myriarchies ?
What title did prince Kublai rule as from 1260 to 1294 ?
Who was the superior of prince Kublai ?
Who became the second Karmapa Lama ?
With whom did Kublai Khan have a unique relationship with ?
When did Kublai Khan conquer the song dynasty ?
When did the Yuan dynasty rule ?
Which dynasty ruled all of china ?
What did Khubilai claim for a while ?
Where did Khubilai seek support as Emperor ?
What year was the Sakya viceregal regime eradicated ?
Who placed the Sakya viceregal regime position of authority ?
Who eradicated the Sakya viceregal regime ?
Which dynasty became ruler of Tibet ?
Who created the Ming Dynasty ?
Who caused the Yuan dynasty to fall ?
Who ruled as the the Hongwu Emperor ?
What years did Zhu Yuanzhang rule as the Hongwu Emperor ?
Who did the Hongwu Emperor send convoys to ?
Who was the fourth Karmapa Lama ?
Who rejected an invitation by the Hongwu Emperor ?
What did the the Hongwu Emperor want to continue to promote ?
Who did Rolpe Dorje send as envoys to court in Nanjing ?
Who created a law that did not allow Han Chinese to learn the beliefs of Tibetan Buddhism ?
What years did the Yongle Emperor reign ?
Who worked towards obtaining a extension of relations with Tibet ?
What years did the Qing dynasty rule ?
what year was the history of Ming produced ?
What did the Ming dynasty create ?
How many Qianhu offices were there ?
where was the É - Lì - Sī Army - Civilian Marshal Office established ?
How many princes of Dharma were assigned by the Ming court ?
Who established the Tibetan law code ?
Who was the Phagmodru ruler ?
who was a professor of the University of Washington ?
Who had a large amount of contacts with china during Yuan ?
Who believed that Tibet barely had any diplomatic relations with the Ming ?
Who supported van Praag ' s beliefs ?
Who did not agree with van Praag and Shakabpa ?
Who believed that the Ming court had full sovereignty over Tibet ?
What year did Wang and Nyima believe that the Mongol Prince Punala went to Nanjing ?
What did the lamas called themselves ?
What edicts did the Ming issue ?
Who wrote the book The Story of Tibet ?
who colonized India and New Zealand ?
Who ' s viewpoint does Thomas Laird believe Wang and Nyima present ?
How did the The Columbia Encyclopedia describe the Yuan dynasty ?
How did the Encyclopedia Americana describe the Yuan Dynasty ?
What did Thomas Laird dismiss the Yuan dynasty as ?
Who wrote the book Khubilai Khan ?
When did the yuan dynasty start and end ?
When did Ayurbarwada Buyantu Khan reign ?
During the Yuan what existed between China and Tibet ?
Who was granted higher status than the Han Chinese majority ?
Who abolished the policy council ?
What was the Tibetan leader Choskunskyabs appointed as ?
Who governed most areas of Tibet ?
Where is the China Tibetology Research Center located ?
Who was the Director of the History Studies Institute ?
How many households were the offices of Qianhu in charge of ?
How many households were the offices of Wanhu in charge of ?
What was the name of the Tibetologist ?
Who did the Ming emperors send invitations to ?
When the lamas received an invite from the emperors , who did they send instead ?
What was the western regions composed of ?
Who believed that they were the true Han Western representatives ?
What title was given by the Yuan court to Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen ?
What Tibetan title was hardly ever mentioned when referring to Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen ?
What dynasty kept a Central - local government relation with the Yuan imperial court ?
What two people claim the title of Education Minister was often seen next to Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen ' s name in Tibetan texts ?
Who wrote in their will that they received loving care from the emperor in the east ?
Who divided Central Tibet into districts ?
Who strongly believed Changchub Gyaltsen wanted to restore the glories of its Imperial age to Tibet ?
What university was Lok - Ham Chan a professor at ?
What did Lok - Ham Chan claim Changchub Gyaltsen wanted to remove ?
Who did the Hongwu Emperor grant the title Initiation State Master to ?
Who suggested to the emperor that an official title be granted to second Phagmodru ruler ?
Who was the second Phagmodru ruler ?
Who told the emperor that the situation in Dbus and Gtsang were under control ?
Where were the envoys sent ?
Who lost their power over Tibet ?
What year did the Phagmodrupa lose their power over Tibet ?
What year did the 5th Dalai lama start to dominate over Tibet ?
What did the other families fail to establish ?
The Ming Dynasty granted what titles to lamas of schools ?
Who did the Ming Dynasty decline titles from after receiving invitations ?
Who was the founder of the Gelug school ?
Who invited Je Tsongkhapa to come pay tribute ?
Who wrote the letter declining the Emperor ' s invitation ?
When did the Ming first request Tsongkhapa to come to court ?
When did the Ming court send a second request to Tsongkhapa ?
Who did Tsongkhapa send in his place to Nanjing ?
When was Chosrje Shākya Yeshes sent to Nanjing ?
Who believed the Ming reappointed old Yuan dynasty officials in Tibet ?
Who did the Ming appoint titles to ?
What didn ' t the Ming send to replace the Mongols when they left Tibet ?
What does Yiu Yung - chin claim the Ming did not possess ?
What was the name of the eunuch ?
Where did the Yongle Emperor send Yang Sanbao ?
When did Yongle Emperor send Yang Sanbao into Tibet ?
Why did Yongle Emperor send Yang Sanbao into Tibet ?
Why did the emperor pay a small fortune in gifts ?
Who did the Gelug exchange gifts with ?
Until what year frame did the Gelug exchange gifts with the the Ming ?
What was the Gelug not mentioned in ?
Regardless of their sectarian affiliations , who did the Ming grant titles to ?
Who was the viceregal Sakya regime overthrown by ?
Who believed that the Ming had no real authority over Tibet ?
What years did the Rinpungpa regime start and end ?
Who believed that the titles given to Tibetan leaders did not confer authority ?
What years did the Tsangpa start and end ?
What year did the Jianwen Emperor reign start and end ?
Who aided the Yongle Emperor ?
Who was Yongle Emperor ' s father ?
When did the Yongle Emperor invite Deshin Shekpa to his court ?
Who did the Yongle Emperor send to Tibet ?
Why did the Yongle Emperor send Hou Xian and Zhi Guang to Tibet ?
When did Hou Xian and Zhi Guang return to Nanjing ?
Where did Hou Xian and Zhi Guang travel through on their way to the Karmapa ?
When did Deshin Shekpa travels start ?
Where did the Yongle Emperor greet the Karmapa ?
Who did the Emperor give the place of honor at his left to ?
Who sat on a lower platform than the Tibetan cleric ?
Who showed a great amount of respect to Deshin Shekpa ?
At what temple did the ceremonies for the Yongle Emperor ' s deceased parents take place ?
Where was the Linggu Temple located ?
What title was Deshin Shekpa given at Nanjing ?
Who did Deshin Shekpa persuade the Yongle Emperor to give the title to ?
Who imposed on the military might on Tibet in the past ?
Hok - Lam Chan states that Deshin Skekpa was only invited for what purpose ?
What was said to be the Yongle Emperor plans ?
Why was the Yongle Emperor said to have been planning to send military forces into Tibet ?
Who convinced the Yongle emperor not to send military forces into Tibet ?
Who did the Yongle Emperor have a conflict with ?
Who aided the legitimacy of the Yongle Emperor ' s rule ?
What served as a legitimizing tool for the emperor ' s succession to the throne ?
According to Norbu who failed to realize the significance of the religious aspect of the Ming - Tibetan relationship ?
What were the items of tribute ?
Who believe that the Ming dynasty did not exercise any direct political control over Tibet ?
What years did the Zhengtong Emperor reign ?
Who maintains an edict of the Zhengtong Emperor ?
Who was the edict addressed to ?
Who had a message delivered to them by Zhengtong ?
When was the edict written ?
Who did the Ming cut off all relations with ?
What year did the Ming cut off the Karmapa hierarchs ?
When did Deshin Shekpa die ?
Who did the Ming court think the representatives were sent by ?
Why did Yongle order the construction ?
What did Yongle want to trade with Tibet ?
where did the trade route pass through ?
Why does Van Praag believe the Ming court set up a diplomatic delegation with Tibet ?
What shops were catered to the Tibetan market ?
What visual images and symbols were on furnishings from the silk workshops ?
who were the Tibetan areas were ruled by ?
Wang and Nyima believed horses were collected from Tibet as what kind of tax ?
Who did the Ming trade horses with ?
Who was the leader of the Tümed Mongols ?
Who did Altan Khan overthrow ?
Who did Altan Khan make peace with ?
Who convinced the Ming to reopen their border markets in 1573 ?
When did the Hongwu Emperor use military force in Tibet ?
When was the Marquis Mu Ying commissioned to quell ?
How many Tibetan prisoners did Mu Ying capture ?
How many animals did Mu Ying capture ?
Who was ordered to force a Tibetan assault into Sichuan ?
What did the mid Ming dynasty discussion focus mainly on ?
Who used the the Ordos region as a place to stage raids ?
Where were the Mongols trying to raise ?
Why did P . Christiaan Klieger believe that the Ming court supported high Tibetan lamas ?
What policy does Luciano Petech and Sato Hisashi claim the Ming held towards the Tibet ?
When did the Ming hold the divide and rule policy ?
Who did Yongle Emperor fail to build a solid relationship with ?
Who did the Yongle Emperor give patronage to ?
Who were the Rinpungpa leaders related to ?
When did the the prince of Rinbung occupy Lhasa ?
What was the most important event to the Gelug ?
When was Gelug was given the right to conduct the New Years prayer ?
When did the Zhengde Emperor rule ?
Who ' s company did the Zhengde Emperor enjoy ?
Who was the 8th Karmapa Lama ?
Who said Tibet wasn ' t an integral part of of China ?
What does Sperling claim did not have any control over Tibet ?
Since what century has Sperling described Ming and Tibet ' s relation being problematic for China ?
When was the Manchu Qing dynasty invasion ?
During Which dynasty does Josef Kolmaš claim Tibet was considered an organic part of China ?
Josef Kolmaš states that Tibet became subject to what government ?
Who does P . Christiaan Klieger claim to have had a mutual role of religious prelate ?
Who does P . Christiaan Klieger believe undertook the former imperial tributaries ?
Where does P . Christiaan Klieger work ?
Who was the vice royalty of the Sakya regime established by ?
The Sakya regime established what kind of relationship between the Tibetans and Mongol converts ?
When was Tibet included into the territory of Yuan dynasty ' s China ?
Who was said to have gained the right to rule Tibet ?
When was China Daily started ?
Who does the article claim had two itinerant high commands over Tibet ?
According to article Tibet has remained under what jurisdiction ?
When did the Jiajing Emperor reign ?
What ideology was sponsored at the Ming court ?
Who stopped their trips to Ming China ?
Who was the Grand Secretary under Jiajing ?
Who broke the eunuch influence at court ?
Who was Zhengde ' s successor ?
What establishment did the politics at court shift in favor of ?
Which embassy did the Neo - Confucian establishment reject ?
Who did the Neo - Confucian establishment have animosity towards ?
Evelyn S . Rawski claims that Ming ' s relationship with Tibetan prelates ended during who ' s reign ?
What region did the Tumed Mongols move into ?
Which frontier did the Tumed Mongols raid ?
The presence of the Altan Khan in the west reduced whos influence ?
When did Altan Khan make peace with the Ming dynasty ?
Who did Altan Khan invite to meet him in Amdo ?
What practice did Altan Khan put to an end ?
Who did Altan Khan persuade to convert to Gelug Buddhism ?
What did Altan Khan threaten the Mongol princes and subjects with if they did not convert ?
Who did the Mongol princes ask to grant them titles ?
Why did the Mongol princes ask for titles ?
Who was Altan Khan ' s nominal superior ?
To make the Mongol - Tibetan alliance stronger who became the 4th Dalai Lama ?
Who was the first Dalai Lama to have political control over Tibet ?
When did the 5th Dalai Lama gain political control over Tibet ?
Who was given the grandiose title ?
Who granted Sonam Gyatso the title of grandiose ?
Who did Sonam Gyatso send gifts to ?
Who was the Ming Chinese official ?
Where did Sonam Gyatso die ?
Who did the Ming dynasty showed favors to ?
What was the the third Dalai Lama allowed to do ?
What title was Sonam Gyatso granted in 1587 ?
In 1653 who did the Qing emperor grant a title to ?
In 1713 who did the Qing emperor grant a title to ?
What title was the fourth Dalai Lama granted ?
Who was the fourth Dalai Lama ?
When did the Wanli Emperor grant the title Master of Vajradhara to Yonten Gyatso ?
Who did the Wanli Emperor invite to Beijing in 1616 ?
Why didn ' t Yonten Gyatso make it to Beijing ?
Who ' s presence increased in Tibet ?
What were the Mongols trying to reclaim ?
When did the conquest of Tibet reach its peak ?
Who ' s lack of concern helped the Mongols jump at a chance to reclaim their old vassal of Tibet ?
When were the Rinbung princes overthrown ?
Who took control of the whole of Central Tibet ?
When did Karma Phuntsok Namgyal reign ?
Who did Ü - Tsang king have an alliance with ?
Who refused an audience with the Ü - Tsang king ?
Who did the 5th Dalai Lama beg for help from ?
What role did Güshi Khan take on ?
Which enemies did Güshi Khan defeat ?
Where did Güshi Khan resettle his tribe ?
When did the Ü - Tsang forces surrender ?
Who did Güshi Khan organize a welcome ceremony for ?
What did Güshi Khan present as a gift to the Dalai Lama ?
Who did Güshi Khan enthrone the ruler of Tibet ?
Who did Güshi Khan grant the governing authority to ?
The title of ' King of Tibet belonged to whom ?
Who did the the Chinese Ming dynasty fall to ?
According to Kolmaš who accepted an invite from a Manchu to send envoys to the capital at Mukden ?
Who was said to have treated the Dalai Lama as an independent sovereign of Tibet ?
Who tried to spread their territory into Tibet ?
Who helped the Tibetan ?
When did the Kangxi Emperor occupy Lhasa ?
When was The Qing dynasty garrison established in Tibet ?
When did the Qianlong Emperor reign ?
Which company produces the iPod ?
When was the original iPod released ?
How many different types of iPod are currently available ?
What kind of device is the iPod ?
The iPod Touch uses what kind of interface ?
In what year was the first iPod released ?
What company manufactures the iPod ?
How many versions of the iPod currently exist ?
Which is the smallest version of the iPod ?
In what year was the iPod most recently redesigned ?
In addition to playing music , what other function can the iPod perform ?
What is the smallest data capacity for an iPod product ?
What is the largest data capacity for an iPod product ?
Which iPod product features the smallest data storage capacity ?
Which current iPod product features the largest data storage capacity ?
What ' s the storage capacity of the iPod Shuffle ?
What ' s the storage capacity for the iPod Touch ?
What Apple program is used to communicate between computers and portable devices ?
Which operating systems are compatible with iTunes ?
What ' s the name of the software used to manage music and other media on Apple devices ?
Prior to iOS 5 , how many apps were required to play music and videos on iPhone and iPad ?
In mid - 2010 , which Apple device had higher sales than iPod ?
With what iOS release did Apple standardize media apps on all their products ?
In what year did iPhone sales surpass those of iPods ?
What are the titles of the standard media apps on current Apple devices ?
What processor model is used in the iPod Touch ?
Which generation of iPod Touch was made availalbe in July of 2015 ?
What ' s the most recent generation of iPod Touch ?
In what year was the most recent iPod Touch released ?
What type of processor does the current iPod Touch use ?
In how many colors is the current iPod Touch available ?
In what year was the iPod first introduced ?
In what year did iPod sales show improvement ?
Which Apple engineer led original iPod design group ?
What radio was the primary inspiration for the look of the iPod ?
What was the storage capacity of the first iPod ?
in what year was the original iPod released ?
How large was the hard drive on the original iPod ?
What other popular music player did Apple compare their new product to ?
What is the name of Apple ' s hardware engineering chief who helped design the iPod ?
Who manufactured the hard drives for the first iPods ?
Which company worked with Apple in creating the user interface for the iPod ?
What was the name of the font used prior to the release of the iPod Mini ?
In what year was the 6th gen iPod Classic released ?
The 6th gen iPod Classic and 3rd gen iPod nano featured which font ?
Who supervised the design and implementation of the iPod user interface ?
What software did Apple use as the basis for their iPod software ?
What typeface does the current iPod use ?
In what year was a special edition of the iPod produced ?
For what musical group was a special edition of the iPod first made ?
What color was the metal on the U2 version of the iPod ?
What type of media was included with purchase of the U2 version of the iPod ?
Of what band did Apple present a special edition iPod 5G ?
What color was the special U2 iPod model ?
In what year did apple release the special U2 model of the iPod ?
Apple was involved in a lawsuit with which company in 2007 ?
Who previously applied for a patent for an iPod - like device ?
In what country did Kane Kramer apply for his patent ?
In what year did Kane Kramer apply for his patent ?
What did Kane Kramer call the device for which he wanted a patent ?
What patent holding company sued Apple in 2007 ?
What was the name of the previously - patented music player from 1981 ?
Who was the holder of the previous patent for the " plastic music box " ?
Who came up with the name for Apple ' s portable mp3 player ?
What was Vinnie Chieco ' s profession ?
What film inspired the name of the iPod ?
Who first trademarked the iPod name ?
In what year was Apple given rights to the iPod name ?
What movie inspired the iPod name ?
What was the name of the copywriter that proposed the name " iPod " ?
Who held the original trademark for the iPod name ?
When were images of new iPod colors leaked ?
Who leaked the photos of new iPod colors ?
What version of iTunes contained the leaked photos of new iPod colors ?
What was the latest version of iTunes as of mid - 2015 ?
Who first leaked the photos of the new iPod color scheme ?
What audio deficiency was found in the 3rd gen iPods ?
What kind of headphones could partially mitigate the bass response issues of the 3rd gen iPods ?
What is an example of a device that could entirely mitigate the bass response issues of the 3rd gen iPods ?
What part of audio output was substandard on 3rd generation iPods ?
What component was to blame for the weak bass of the 3rd generation iPod ?
What acoustic element could be distorted by different audio settings in iPods prior to 2007 ?
Name four sound profiles that would result in bass distortion on pre - 2007 iPods .
What specific problem caused the issue with bass distortion ?
iPods released before what year had issues with distorted bass ?
What EQ settings were known to have issues with bass distortion ?
What type of sensory issue was a concern prior to the release of 5th gen iPods ?
In what markets did 6th gen iPods limit the highest volume of the player ?
What was the limit imposed on how loud the iPod could play sounds in the EU ?
In what country did Apple have to recall iPods ?
What is the highest volume output level of European 6th - generation iPods ?
What country originally pulled iPods due to higher - than - allowed volume levels ?
What was the first type of connection used by the iPod to charge and transfer files ?
What was an alternate method of charging the iPod ?
What type of connector was originally required to upload songs or recharge the iPod ?
In which generation did iPod start providing compatibility with USB ?
What iPod feature allowed for USB connections with the device ?
Which generation of iPod Classic was the first to abandon use of FireWire in transferring files ?
Starting with which generation of iPod Nano was FireWire charging functionality no longer available ?
What kind of connection is provided on the iPod Shuffle for both audio output and file transfer ?
Which generation iPod was the first to include the 30 - pin dock connector ?
Which model of iPod combined the headphone jack and data port ?
What interface was gradually phased out for both charging and data transfer ?
What interface replaced FireWire in later iterations of the iPod ?
Which iPod accessory was made by Apple but is no longer produced ?
What are two companies that make iPod accessories ?
What part of the iPod is needed to communicate with peripherals ?
What is the condition for third parties using the dock connector ?
The majority of peripherals for iPod are produced by what kinds of companies ?
What ' s the name of the now - discontinued accessory manufactured by Apple , that connected via the iPod ' s dock connector ?
What new connector did Apple unveil on September 12 , 2012 ?
What other Apple product was unveiled on September 12 , 2012 ?
How man pins did the pre - Lightning dock connecter use ?
How many pins did the Lightning connector have ?
On how many sides of the Lightning connector are the pins located ?
What ' s Apple ' s code name for the newer 8 - pin dock connector ?
What was the first iPod Touch generation to feature the Lightning connector ?
What is the name of an Apple - produced iPod accessory ?
What is an example of an iPod accessory made work exercise ?
What are six companies that made some of the first peripherals for the iPod ?
What can A / V cables be used to connect the iPod to ?
Who manufactures a pedometer accessory for the iPod ?
Which company manufactures the iPod Hi - Fi accessory ?
What company was first to create a means of connecting the iPod to an automobile ?
In what year did Apple reveal that it would provide compatibility with a wide range of auto manufacturers ?
Which company provides the ability to connect to iPods as a standard feature in their automobiles ?
Which car company released the first automobile interface for the iPod ?
Which car company first offered iPod connectivity as a standard feature on their whole product line ?
What companies have developed iPod interfacing for their stereo systems ?
What type of transmitter is used in the iTrip ?
What has become a standard inclusion in cars for several different auto companies ?
Which type of iPod car integration product is illegal in certain countries ?
What audio integration feature has become standard on many car models ?
In 2007 , which airlines made deals to include iPod connections on their planes ?
Where can people using iPods on planes view the device ' s interface ?
What are two airlines that considered implementing iPod connections but did not join the 2007 agreement ?
Which airlines first agreed to install seat connections for iPods ?
In what year did airlines first start to accommodate the iPod ?
What is the name of an audio format developed by Apple ?
Which product enabled users to view images on the device ?
What Microsoft media format is not natively supported by Apple devices ?
What does DRM stand for ?
What computer OS did iPod software exclusively work with at launch ?
What are some examples of audio formats supported by the iPod ?
What was the first model to support JPEG and other still image formats ?
How many hosts are recognized by an iPod the first time they ' re used ?
What will be erased if an iPod is set to sync with a different computer ?
What must an iPod be connected to before iTunes can synchronize ?
How many buttons do most iPods use ?
On what part of newer iPods can you find the buttons ?
Where are the controls located on the 3rd gen iPod Shuffle ?
What kind of interface does the iPod touch use instead of the click wheel ?
What other device shares the interface used by the iPod Touch ?
Most iPods feature how many buttons ?
The 3rd generation of which iPod model had its controls only on the earphone cable ?
Which other Apple product does the iPod Touch share an interface and OS with ?
When was the Apple iTunes Store launched ?
What program is required to access the iTunes Store ?
When were videos made available through the iTunes store ?
When did Apple begin selling entire films through the iTunes store ?
In what year was the iTunes store established ?
In what year did videos first become available on iTunes ?
When were full - length moved added to the iTunes store ?
When the iTunes store was launched , what type of file format was used ?
How many computers were allowed to play files that used the FairPlay DRM system ?
In what category could files without digital rights management be found on the iTunes store ?
When did Apple reveal that most of the iTunes selection was free from DRM ?
By what time did Apple project its entire catalog would be free of DRM ?
What was the original format for purchased audio files on iTunes ?
What was the name of the DRM system originally used by Apple and iTunes ?
What was the name of the premium service that offered higher quality and DRM - free songs ?
In what year was DRM completely eliminated from the iTunes offerings ?
What are two stores which sell files with DRM not compatible with iPods ?
For what device ' s sales does Apple leverage the iTunes store ?
The iPod can play music from other online stores as long as they don ' t contain what feature ?
What company ended its deal with Apple ' s music store in July of 2007 ?
What entity did Universal have a contract with prior to July of 2007 ?
In what year did Universal Music Group let their contract with iTunes lapse ?
What was the name of the event at which the iTunes Wi - Fi store was launched ?
On what date was the iTunes Wi - Fi Music Store launched ?
In what year was the iTunes Wi - Fi Music Store introduced ?
Which Apple device has the ability to sync with iTunes via the phone network ?
On what devices can video games be used ?
What was included on the first iPod ?
Who created Brick ?
What are three games , in addition to Brick , which have been included with the iPod ?
What is another phrase meaning hidden feature ?
What was the first , hidden game included with the original iPod ?
What other games were later added to the original iPod ?
In what year did the iTunes store begin allowing users to buy video games ?
Which version of iTunes was introduced with the ability to purchase games ?
What was the first generation of iPod Classic on which games like Mahjong and Tetris could be played ?
On which generation of iPod Nano can games be played ?
In what year did iTunes 7 launch , along with a plethora of additional games ?
Which generation iPod was required to enjoy the new games available on iTunes 7 ?
What are the names of companies producing video games for Apple ' s MP3 player ?
What market can Apple participate in now that it has a variety of games available for iPod ?
What two publications have covered iPod games ?
What format is used for iPod game files ?
What file format is being covered up by the use of ipg files ?
What does SDK stand for ?
What is the only operating system on which iPhone SDK - made games can be played ?
What file format are iPod games distributed in ?
An app produced with the iPhone SDK can only run on what devices ?
Is the Apple SDK available to third - party game publishers ?
What kind program is commonly used to move files between iTunes and an iPod ?
What kind of other applications enable communication between iTunes and an iPod ?
Rather than copying media files directly to it , what software must be used for this purpose so that they are accessible ?
What kind of security determines if files moved to a computer can be played ?
What minimum version of iTunes is required to transfer purchased media from an iPod to an authorized computer ?
In what kind of folder are files located in the iPod ?
On what kind of operating system can hidden iPod files be accessed ?
What method of file recovery is used to retrieve data from the iPod ?
In what year did Apple face multiple intellectual property lawsuits ?
What did the 2005 lawsuits accuse Apple of doing ?
What other companies were named in the suit filed by Pat - rights ?
On whose behalf did Pat - rights take Apple to court ?
Which company sued Apple for breach of a " music jukebox " patent in 2005 ?
Which Apple technology did Pat - rights complain breached their patent in a lawsuit ?
What interface component did Apple attempt to patent in 2005 ?
When did Apple receive a decision on its attempt to patent rotational user inputs ?
Which competitor sued Apple over rights to part of the software user interface ?
What was the name of the patent over which Creative asserted its ownership ?
From which entity did Creative request an investigation into Apple importing their devices to the US ?
What interface feature did Apple unsuccessfully try to patent ?
Which rival company sued Apple in 2005 and 2006 ?
When did Creative and Apple come to an agreement over their intellectual property issues ?
How much money did Apple have to pay to Creative as a result of their agreement ?
What program did Creative join in order to make iPod peripherals ?
How much did Apple pay to Creative Technologies to settle their 2006 suit ?
What ' s the name of the program by which 3rd parties sell iPod accessories ?
What share of the US digital music player market does iPod hold ?
When did iPod become the leader in digital music device sales ?
How much of the market did iPod claim as of January 2007 ?
Who reported Apple ' s market share in 2007 ?
Approximately what percentage of the hard drive - based music player sales does iPod have since 2004 ?
Approximately what percentage of the overall music player market does the iPod line have ?
What did the iPod ' s US market share peak at in 2005 ?
When did HP unveil their own edition of the iPod ?
What does HP stand for ?
What major retailer sold HP - branded iPod devices ?
HP - branded iPods accounted for what share of iPod purchases ?
What kind of terms and conditions led HP to leave the iPod market ?
Which computer company sold iPods from 2004 - 05 as part of a license agreement with Apple ?
How many iPods did Apple reveal it sold in April of 2007 ?
How much of Apple ' s revenue was generated by iPod purchases in Q2 of 2007 ?
What is an item that owners of iPods may also purchase ?
How much revenue did Apple announce for Q2 2007 ?
In which year did Apple top sales of 100 , 000 , 000 iPods ?
As of 2007 , what percentage of Apple ' s revenue came from iPod sales ?
What was Apple ' s revenue for Q3 2007 ?
Desktop computers made up how much of Apple ' s revenue in the third quarter of 2007 ?
How much money did Apple make in 2007 ?
What was the value of Apple ' s cash assets at the end of 2007 ?
With the help of strong iPod sales , how much profit did they turn in 2007 ?
When did Apple reveal it had achieved its highest quarterly earnings to date ?
What was Apple ' s highest quarterly profit as of Q1 2008 ?
How much of Apple ' s revenue resulted from purchases of laptop computers in Q1 2008 ?
What percentage of Apples revenue in 1Q08 came from iPods , more than doubling the percentage of notebook sales ?
Who was Chief Financial Officer of Apple in July of 2009 ?
From what year did iPod purchases begin to continuously decline ?
How much revenue did iPod sales account for in Q4 2008 ?
Approximately how many total iPods had been sold by late 2009 ?
Which was the first year since iPod ' s introduction that no new model was released ?
What rank did iPod achieve among various computer products in 2006 ?
What kind of reviews do iPods tend to get ?
What two companies use the AAC format for music files ?
What file format is not supported by Sony Ericsson and Nokia ?
Which publication praised iPods for revolutionizing the industry ?
Which phone manufacturers adopted the AAC file format to become better iPod - compatible ?
Which PC magazine praised the iPod for having " altered the landscape for portable audio players " ?
Aside from recreational use , in what other arena have iPods found use ?
What are two purposes for which iPods are used in business ?
What is the name of a company that uses iPods as part of its training ?
Where is Royal and Western Infirmaries located ?
What University gave an iPod to first year students in 2004 ?
What publication lauded the iPod for enabling people to listen to thousands of songs on a portable player ?
Which major university began issuing iPods to all incoming freshmen starting in 2004 ?
Which magazine placed the iPod on its Best of the Decade list for the 00 ' s ?
What period of music did the iPod help bring to a close ?
In which industry did the iPod have a major impact ?
What did the iPod promote that prompted a big change in the music industry ?
The ease of collecting singles with the iPod and iTunes is credited with ending what " era " in pop music ?
How long were 5th generation iPods marketed as being able to function before needing to be charged ?
Which website criticized Apple ' s battery life claims ?
In what year was Apple sued for issues relating to its battery life ?
Discrepancy in what spec brought about a class action suit against Apple in 2003 ?
How many hours of real - time battery life did the 5th - generation iPod test at , compared to its advertised 14 hours ?
Whose directions can be followed to interact with iPod batteries ?
What did Apple originally tell consumers to purchase when their iPod batteries no longer worked ?
What kind of battery does the iPod use ?
Which iPod component did Apple somewhat inconveniently made non - replaceable ?
What type of rechargeable battery does Apple use in its iPods ?
What did Apple launch on November 14 , 2003 ?
How much did iPod owners originally have to pay for replacement batteries ?
What was needed to replace an iPod Nano battery ?
What generation saw iPod batterys being affixed with glue ?
In what year did Apple begin a formal battery replacement program ?
What was the original price for a replacement battery from Apple ?
Which iPod model has its battery soldered into the unit ?
What part of the iPod Nano was the cause of the overheating issue ?
What program allowed users to exchange iPod Nanos which suffered from overheating problems with new safe models ?
What are two subjects of criticism of iPods ?
What website ran a survey to learn how often iPods ceased working ?
How often did MacInTouch discover iPods stopped working , according to their survey ?
When did iPod owners take issue with the fragility of the iPod screen ?
What did Apple include with the iPod to resolve the screen problem ?
Which type of iPod storage proved more reliable than hard drive storage ?
The first generation nano suffered from which component getting damaged easily ?
What publication revealed information about the working conditions of iPod labor ?
What governs iPod manufacturers ' labor policies ?
What percentage of the time did The Mail on Sunday claim workers labored for at least seven straight days ?
Which British tabloid accused Apple of unfair worker conditions in 2006 ?
What percentage of Apple ' s manufacturing employees worked over 60 hour weeks ?
Who did Apple partner with to monitor its labor policies ?
What organization did Apple join to monitor its labor policies ?
What company was found to be violating Apple ' s labor policies ?
Where was the Foxconn plant located ?
What was the name of Apple ' s manufacturing company that was accused of overworking its employees ?
What auditor company did Apple hire to oversee worker conditions following the controversy ?
In what year did Foxconn workers first unionize ?
In what year did Chinese Foxconn emplyees kill themselves ?
What disappeared in 2009 prior to the suicide of a Foxconn employee ?
In what year did several Foxconn workers commit suicide ?
What attribute of the United States could be thought to lead more international and less domestic employment opportunities ?
To work as a boot disk for a Mac , what file system must an iPod be formatted with ?
If connected to a Windows PC when first set up , what file system will an iPod be formatted with ?
What category of game is Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess ?
What consoles can be used to play Twilight Princess ?
When was Twilight Princess launched in North America ?
When could GameCube owners purchase Twilight Princess ?
What company developed Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess ?
What year was the Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess originally planned for release ?
What year was the Wii version of Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess released ?
Who is the main character of the story ?
What land does Link serve to protect ?
What character helped Link in Twilight Princess ?
Who is the protagonist is Legend of Zelda ?
What is the name of the mysterious creature that assists Link ?
This storyline takes place alternate from what storyline ?
What accolade did Twilight Princess receive after its release ?
Under which brand was Twilight Princess for the Nintendo Wii published ?
When is the HD version of Twilight Princess slated for launch ?
At the time of release which episode of the Legend of Zelda series was considered the greatest entry ?
How many Game of the Year awards did Twilight Princess receive ?
What year was Twilight Princess the most critically acclaimed game ?
What year will the game release a high - definition port for the Wii U console ?
What are the three main activities in The Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess ?
Twilight Princess uses the control setup first employed in which previous game ?
What can be used to shoot without the need to manually target enemies ?
What is Link ' s main weapon ?
What secondary weapon in Twilight Princess is analogous to a weapon featured in previous games ?
What genre of game is Twilight Princess ?
Twilight Princess follows the control scheme introduced in what game ?
What 2 main weapons does Link use in combat ?
What control can be used while targeting that allows the player to forego manual targeting ?
Many different types of interaction can be controlled by how many buttons ?
Where can players see what action will be performed in different scenarios ?
If Link is not moving , where will he put the projectile he ' s carrying ?
What mechanic allows one button to serve many functions ?
What shows what action the button will trigger ?
Where is the speaker located on the Wii console ?
What sound do users here when uncovering secrets in the game ?
What part of the Wii is employed to use weapons ?
Aside from the sword , what is another weapon that Link can use ?
How many weapons can be equipped by Link if playing Twilight Princess on a GameCube ?
The Wii version makes use of what kind of sensors ?
What device on the Wii allows for sounds of a bowstring to be heard ?
How many dungeon instances are provided in Twilight Princess ?
What does Link fight in dungeons ?
What provides a bridge between the different dungeons ?
What is the name of Link ' s steed ?
What must Link solve throughout the game ?
Who must Link fight at the end of a dungeon level ?
What connects the dungeons ?
What form does Link take in the Twilight Realm ?
What is Link ' s main form of offense in wolf form ?
Hostile spirits are also known as what ?
Who provides helpful information to Link ?
Link ' s wolf form is faster than what other form ?
What does Link transform into when he enters the Twilight Realm ?
Who is Midna ?
What are Poes ?
What does AI stand for ?
What is a game whose enemies have more rudimentary programming than those in Twilight Princess ?
What do enemies do to defeated companions ?
What feature of the enemies in Twilight Princess is more advanced ?
Who can enemies detect from a greater distance than in previous games ?
Through what can Link ' s reaction and mood can be discerned ?
Which person has the most spoken dialogue in the game ?
Who provided the basis for Midna ' s voice ?
What country does Akiko Komoto come from ?
What does Link say when attacking ?
How does Link express emotions ?
What character has the most voice acting ?
Who does the voice of Midna ?
What is Link ' s job at the start of Twilight Princess ?
What do the Bulbins take from Ordon ?
Who releases Link from the Realm of Twilight ?
What does Link have to gather in order to complete each area ?
Where is Link working as a ranch hand ?
Who attacks the village ?
What must Link collect ?
What does Link assist Midna in collection ?
Who attacks Link and Midna when they ' ve finished their collection tasks ?
What weapon can transform Link back to his original self ?
Who saves Midna ?
Where do the Zoras come from ?
What does Link help Midna find ?
Who ambushes Link and Midna ?
What does Link discover he needs to find to return to human form ?
Who sacrifices herself to save Midna ?
What does Link obtain that gives him control over his transformations ?
Where does Midna take Link after he acquires the Master Sword ?
Who was the Mirror of Twilight used to fight prior to Zant ?
Where is Ganondorf located after Zant ' s defeat ?
Whose body is used as a proxy by Ganondorf in order to fight Link ?
What allows Link to switch between his two forms ?
What is the only known gateway between Twilight Realm & Hyrule ?
Who is revealed as the true ruler of Twilight Realm ?
Who did Zant form a pact with ?
What does Ganondorf transform into ?
What possession of Midna does Ganondorf destroy ?
Where does Link depart from at the end of the game ?
Which character helps Link get Ganondorf off of his horse ?
To what part of his body does Link deliver the killing blow to Ganondorf ?
Who resurrects Midna after the fight with Ganondorf ?
Who does Midna teleport ?
What does Ganondorf crush ?
What does Midna destroy ?
In what year did Nintendo reveal the start of development on what would become Twilight Princess ?
At what event was a potential follow - up to The Wind Waker mentioned ?
What region of the world did Nintendo want to design the next Legend of Zelda game for ?
What was one feature that could not be implemented in Ocarina of Time ?
What year did Nintendo announce a new Legend of Zelda was in the works for Gamecube ?
Who was the director that unintentionally announced a Zelda game was in the works ?
What was the specific area of gameplay that had not been done in Ocarina of Time ?
How long did it take to implement riding horses in a believable manner ?
Where did Nintendo preview the horseback riding feature ?
What console was home to the sequel for The Wind Waker ?
What was the name of the second Wind Waker game ?
When did the company release a trailer of the horseback riding aspect ?
What does Link morph into in A Link to the Past ?
Aonuma left the Twilight Princess development team to work on which other game ?
What was the working name for the Wii prior to release ?
Who proposed that the Wii Remote be used in the control scheme for Twilight Princess ?
Who created the script for the story scenes ?
What device seemed well - suited for Link ' s arrow shooting ability ?
What kind of interface was used for in - game archery ?
What was the originally - planned launch year for Twilight Princess ?
Which Nintendo employee was confident in the potential of developing two versions of Twilight Princess ?
What was the original release date for Gamecube ?
What console boasted compatibility with the Wii ?
Where did Nintendo provide a limited number of Twilight Princess previews ?
At E3 in 2005 , what console did Nintendo reveal the next Zelda game would be developed for ?
When did Nintendo announce Zelda would appear on the Wii ?
What kind of movement interfaced with the sword in Twilight Princess ?
Who provided information about the game ' s controls in December of 2005 ?
What ended up not being supported in the GameCube version of Twilight Princess ?
In what year did Nintendo reveal that the two different releases of Twilight Princess were planned for launch at the same time as the Wii ?
How long was the GameCube version of Twilight Princess delayed ?
What magazine mentioned players would be able to use the Revolution controller ?
When did Nintendo announce both versions of Twilight Princess would be available at the Wii launch ?
What did early users find hard to use about the game ?
Using items in the game took over the controls used for what weapon ?
Who wanted gestures implemented for sword control ?
When Twilight Princess was finally released for Wii , in what hand did Link wield his sword ?
What features did Aonuma work to improve after the demo complaints ?
Who wrote the music for Twilight Princess ?
Who was in charge of overseeing audio production ?
Who worked adapting the score for performance by an orchestra ?
Who wrote the music used in the game ' s trailer and demo ?
Who created orchestral arrangements for the game ?
Who was to conduct the ensemble that would perform the pieces ?
What kind of instruments are favored by Kondo ?
How many people would be in the orchestra Kondo imagined using for the soundtrack ?
When was the soundtrack of Twilight Princess made available ?
Which publication was associated with the soundtrack release ?
Who made the requests for Kondo to use orchestral music throughout the game ?
When were track versions of the game ' s sountrack released ?
What were replicas of the Master Sword and Hylian Shield bundled with ?
What kind of error was found in Twilight Princess for Wii ?
What does ELF stand for ?
Which issue of the Wii Menu fixed the issue with Twilight Princess ?
What was the name of the hack discovered ?
What versions of the Wii Menu prevented copying the exploited files ?
What version of the Wii patched the hack vulnerability ?
Which company is responsible for the HD version of Twilight Princess ?
For which console is Twilight Princess HD being made ?
When were plans for Twilight Princess HD revealed ?
On what date is Twilight Princess HD scheduled for Australian release ?
What is the name of the remastered game ?
What company is developing the remaster ?
What kind of functionality will the remaster feature ?
When will the game be released in America ?
What special item is included with certain versions of Twilight Princess HD ?
Which two Amiibo figures reload Link ' s stock of arrows ?
Which two Amiibo figures heal Link ?
Which Amiibo figure makes Link lose more health when attacked ?
What is the name of the area that players with the Wolf Link Amiibo can access ?
What will special bundles of the game contain ?
What is the level called that the special Amiibo will unlock ?
What characters will be able to replenish arrows ?
What figures restore health ?
What company included the soundtrack as a reward for ordering the game prior to release ?
How many tracks were recorded on the preorder CD ?
In what areas is the content of the GameStop bonus CD provided for all versions of the game ?
What was included as a Gamestop preorder item ?
What kind of scores did Twilight Princess receive from many video game review sources ?
Which sites gave the Wii copy of Twilight Princess scores of 95 % and 95 ?
Who counted the game among the best ever made ?
What was the reception of Twilight Princess ?
What scores did it receive from major game publications ?
What is the average score of Twilight Princess on Metacritic ?
What reviewer called Twilight Princess " One of the greatest games ever created " ?
Which publications reported some issues with the graphics of Twilight Princess ?
Which journalist criticized the Wii version for its controls ?
Which game publication does Jeff Gerstmann work for ?
Which game journalist was perturbed by a lack of voiced dialogue ?
Which publication does Javier Glickman write for ?
What 2 critics suggested the game had blurry textures and low resolution ?
What critic considered the CD to be the best of the generation ?
Who specifically commended the game for the very long quests ?
The version of Twilight Princess fo which console won three IGN awards ?
What was Twilight Princess ' s rank among all Nintendo games according to Nintendo Magazine ?
Where did Twilight Princess place among Wii titles according to IGN ?
Where did Twilight Princess rank on Nintendo Power ' s list of Nintendo games in the 2000s ?
What 2 critics gave Twilight Princess awards for Best Graphics and Best Story ?
What award did Game Critics Awards and GameSpy give Twilight Princess ?
What place did the game take in Nintendo ' s Official list of 100 Greatest Nintendo Games of All Time ?
What place did IGN give the game on the Wii console ?
What is the name of the area which includes most countries not located in North , Central or South America ?
How many units of the Wii version of Twilight Princess had been purchased by the end of March 2011 ?
How many units of the GameCube version of Twilight Princess had been purchased by the end of March 2007 ?
What region is Twilight Princess the best - selling Zelda entry ?
How many copies of the game had been sold as of March 2011 ?
How many copies of the game had been sold on Gamecube as of March 2007 ?
Who wrote and provided art for a Twilight Princess comic book series ?
The Twilight Princess manga was only available in what country ?
Who published the Twilight Princess comic book series ?
What kind of device can access the Twilight Princess manga ?
Which company made Spectre ?
Who is the star of Spectre ?
What role does Daniel Craig play in Spectre ?
What 007 movie did Sam Mendes previously direct ?
How much money did it take to make Spectre ?
How many James Bond films has Eon Productions produced ?
Which Bond film was the most expensive ever made ?
How many films has Daniel Craig appeared in as James Bond ?
Which two movie studios distributed the James Bond film Spectre ?
Who directed Spectre ?
What group is the enemy of the protagonist ?
Which movie was Spectre originally featured in ?
Which three personalities from previous films appear in Spectre ?
Which actor plays the role of Mr . Hinx ?
What role is performed by Monica Bellucci ?
Which recurring James Bond characters appear in Spectre ?
What actress portrays Dr . Madeleine Swann in Spectre ?
What actor portrays Mr . Hinx in Spectre ?
When was Diamonds are Forever released ?
On what date was Spectre first shown in the UK ?
Where was the first screening of Spectre ?
What was the US release date for Spectre ?
What were two subjects of accolades for Spectre ?
For what category did Spectre receive a Golden Globe award ?
What was the first James Bond film to be screened at IMAX theaters ?
What was the theme song for the James Bond film Spectre ?
On what holiday do insurgents plan to detonate a bomb ?
Who removed James Bond from active service ?
Who is M ' s rival ?
What group does C support England joining ?
Which character is promoted to M ?
Which holiday was the terrorist bombing planned for ?
Which two intelligence groups merged to form Joint Intelligence Service ?
What does Bond take from Marco Sciarra ?
Where does Bond go after his suspension ?
What group did Sciarra belong to ?
Who is the head of Spectre ?
What is Mr . Hinx ' s job ?
Who performs research for Bond ?
Where does Sciarra ' s funeral take place ?
Who is the leader of Spectre ?
What is the name of the Spectre assassin who tracks Bond ?
Which member of Spectre had been presumed to be dead ?
What is White suffering from when Bond finds him ?
Who is White ' s daughter ?
How does White deal with his condition ?
Where does JAmes find Dr . Swann ?
Where is L ' Americain located ?
What is Mr . White dying of ?
Who does Mr . White ask James Bond to protect ?
Where is the L ' Americain hotel ?
Who kidnaps Dr . Swann ?
What method of transportation is used to get to Oberhauser ' s base ?
Who is the link between Oberhauser and Bond ?
What did Oberhauser call himself after he faked his death ?
After staging his own death , what name did Hanz Oberhauser begin to use ?
Where is Bond brought after he is kidnapped ?
Who does Bond meet in the MI6 building ?
Where does Blofeld get arrested ?
Who does M fight with ?
Who prevents Nine Eyes from going online ?
Which characters falls to their death , M or C ?
What did SPECTRE originally stand for ?
Who fought over the movie rights for Thunderball ?
In what year did McClory and Fleming reach an agreement ?
Which movie was a modern version of Thunderball ?
What was the name of a proposed remake of Thunderball that was never made ?
In what year did Fleming settle with McClory ?
What was the name of the remake of Thunderball ?
Which Bond novel first featured Spectre ?
Who ended up with ownership of Spectre ?
What was Spectre ' s original name ?
Which company is Danjaq , LLC associated with ?
In what year were rights to Spectre worked out ?
Which film studio won the full copyright film rights to Spectre ?
How was the Spectre acronym originally written ?
What is the name of the LLC sister company of Eon Productions ?
What company was targeted by leaks of company information ?
Who was responsible for leaks of Sony movie projects ?
Which film writer ' s work was included in leaks of Spectre information ?
Which company verified contents of the leaked information ?
When did hackers get into the Sony Pictures e - mail system ?
Who wrote the early drafts of the script for Spectre ?
What company confirmed that an early version of the Spectre script had been leaked ?
Which actor portrayed Franz Oberhauser ?
In what year was Hannes Oberhauser identified as a guardian of James Bond ?
Who were the writers of Spectre ?
Which group in previous Bond films was changed to be a part of Spectre instead of its own entity ?
What is the name of the short story in which Hannes Oberhauser appeared ?
Who was Bond ' s full time guardian ?
In which Bond story did the name Oberhauser first appear ?
What actor portrayed Franz Oberhauser ?
In which movie was the Quantum organization first introduced ?
Quantum is a division of what other organization ?
What is the name of a location in Spectre which draws its inspiration from an Ian Fleming short story ?
Who wrote the book Colonel Sun ?
What short story inspired the name Hildebrand Rarities and Antiques ?
" The Hildebrand Rarity " is from what short story collection ?
Which character tortures Bond ?
What is the name of the MI6 safehouse ?
When were the actors in Spectre announced ?
Which actor portrayed M ?
Which actress portrayed Eve Moneypenny ?
Which actor portrayed Q ?
Which actor portrayed Bill Tanner ?
How many times has Daniel Craig portrayed James Bond in films ?
Which actor portrays Bill Tanner ?
Which three actors reprised supporting roles for Spectre ?
Who did Christoph Waltz portray in Spectre ?
What is Franz Oberhauser ' s other name ?
Who played Severine in the previous Bond film ?
In what movie was Mr . White originally supposed to die ?
How old was Monica Bellucci when she filmed Spectre ?
Which actress was cast in the role of Severine in Skyfall ?
In what movie was it originally planned to kill the character Mr . White ?
How many actual people were used for the opening sequence of Spectre ?
Which actor portrayed Marco Sciarra ?
Estrella was played by which actress ?
When was the opening scene of Spectre filmed ?
Where was the pre - title scene in Spectre filmed ?
In which country were the scenes with Detlef Bothe shot ?
Who was cast as Marco Sciarra ?
What character did Stephanie Sigma portray ?
Who was the last person to direct two James Bond movies in a row before Mendes ?
Who served as production designer for Spectre ?
Who did Hoyte van Hoytema replace as cinematographer ?
Which two consecutive Bond films did Mendes direct ?
Which film had a larger production staff , Spectre or Skyfall ?
Which Bond film is Daniel Craig listed as a co - producer ?
Who directed The Living Daylights and Licence to Kill ?
Neal Purvis and Robert Wade have worked on how many Bond films ?
What were three sites used for filming Spectre ?
What kind of film was used to shoot the movie ?
Where did initial shoots for the film take place ?
How long did it take to film Spectre ?
What type of film was used ?
In what film studio was some of the film shot ?
When did Spectre begin production in Austria ?
When did the Austrian filming of Spectre finish ?
What location was the focus of the Austrian leg of Spectre ' s production ?
What part of his body did Craig injure ?
What building was used in the film as the Hoffler Klinik ?
Where was the Hoffler Klinik supposed to be located ?
Near what glacier in Austria was filming done ?
What are two landmarks in Rome used in filming Spectre ?
Which group was responsible for the C - X75s featured in Spectre ?
For which auto maker did Williams first develop the C - X75 ?
How many engines did the C - X75 originally have ?
Where in England were scenes shot that represented a location in Rome ?
What bridge in Rome was a filming location ?
What two cars were featured in a chase scene along the banks of the Tiber River ?
Which Formula One racing team developed the C - X75 ' s used for filming .
What company did the Williams Formula One team originally build the C - X75 prototype for ?
Where did Spectre filming take place after Rome ?
Which celebration was featured in the Mexico City part of the production ?
Which areas were shown in the Day of the Dead scene in Spectre ?
How many additional actors were needed for the shoot in Mexico City ?
Where were the scenes featuring planes shot ?
What festival was included in the scenes shot in Mexico ?
What type of helicopter was used for the flight scenes ?
Where in Mexico were the Day of the Dead scenes shot ?
Where did Craig go to deal with his injury ?
When did Craig go back to work ?
In what city did Daniel Craig have minor surgery to repair his knee ?
Which bridges were shut down because of filming ?
Which organization provided water for weather effects ?
Which river was used in some of the shoots taking place in London ?
Where is MI6 based ?
Filming closed which two bridges in London ?
Who helped the filmakers simulate rain while shooting in London ?
Where were the scenes of Ralph Fiennes in a restaurant shot ?
Where stunt scenes on the Thames shot during the day or the night ?
Which three locations in Morocco were used in filming ?
What Guinness record was set during the filming of Spectre ?
Who was the Guinness record attributed to ?
How long did it take to shoot Spectre ?
Where did production go to after leaving London ?
What Guinness World Record does the film hold ?
How many day did filming take
The Guinness World record was credited to which production designer ?
How much money were possible changes to the Mexico City section of the film rumored to have saved the production ?
Which Bond producer would not confirm that the film had been changed to accommodate Mexican authorities ?
In what other country , besides Mexico , did the film experience administrative issues with local authorities ?
Which country did Skyfall move its pre - title sequence filming to ?
Who wrote the music for Spectre ?
When was the soundtrack of Spectre first available for purchase in the UK ?
What company published the Spectre soundtrack ?
Who composed the score for the film ?
Which record label was the soundtrack album released on ?
Did Thomas Newman compose the score after filming or during filming ?
When was the theatrical trailer of the movie released ?
What was the name of the song played during the opening credits ?
How many recording sessions did it take to complete the song ?
Which version of the theme was used in the actual movie ?
Who is the vocalist on Writing ' s on the Wall ?
When was the main theme of Spectre made available in digital format ?
What song was the Spectre theme comapred to unfavorably ?
What former Bond theme singer was the subject of extensive activity on Twitter when the Spectre theme was released ?
What group wrote music for the film that ended up not being used ?
What artist performed the theme song for Skyfall ?
The release of Writing ' s on the Wall caused what name to trend on Twitter ?
Which English band also composed a song for the film ?
Which companies revealed Spectre ' s official car ?
How many DB10s were made for the movie ?
Which team displayed the Bond logo during the Mexican Grand Prix ?
What were the two DB10s that were not needed for filming used for ?
How many DB10 ' s were produced ?
What logo did the Williams race team have on their cars for the 2015 Mexican Grand Prix ?
Images of what item were posted by Eon while the movie was being made ?
For what film did Eon first use this method of promotion ?
On which social media accounts was the film promoted ?
What other Bond film was promoted on social media ?
What comedy production did Spectre actors appear in ?
On what TV station did Red Nose Day appear ?
In what month was the preview of Spectre released in movie theaters ?
When was the first teaser trailer of Spectre released ?
What show did several members of the cast and crew appear on in March 2015 ?
Who wrote the comedy sketch for the cast and crew ?
Where was the first showing of Spectre held ?
On what date was Spectre first shown for general audiences ?
What movie prompted IMAX to show Spectre ?
What film opening was changed so it didn ' t compete with Spectre ?
Which film had a wider release in the UK , Skyfall or Spectre ?
How much money had Spectre made by 2 / 21 / 2016 ?
How much revenue did Spectre generate from the United States , Mexico and Canada by 2 / 21 / 2016 ?
How much revenue did Spectre produce from the British , Scottish , and Irish market by 2 / 21 / 2016 ?
How much did Spectre make in its first week ?
Which movie previously had the highest earnings for its first seven days ?
What movie did Spectre unseat as having the highest earnings for IMAX screenings in the UK ?
How much money did Spectre gross on it ' s opening day in the UK ?
What film previously held the UK record for highest first week opening gross ?
Spectre passed which movie to become the highest grossing IMAX release in the UK ?
Spectre passed which movie to have the largest per screen opening average ?
Terrorist activity in what French city impacted Spectre ' s earnings ?
How much more did Spectre earn compared with Skyfall in the Indian market ?
In Paris , what movie has generated more ticket revenue than Spectre ?
How much did Spectre make in its opening in South Korea ?
What is the only film to have a higher ticket sale in Paris than Spectre ?
What movie did Spectre beat to become top movie of the year in Switzerland ?
How many Imax screens showed Spectre on its opening weekend in the US and Canada ?
How much money did Spectre make in its first weekend in the US and Canada ?
How much money did preview showings generate in the US and Canada ?
Which film grossed more money for its opening weekend in the North American market , Skyfall or Spectre ?
How many IMAX screens was Spectre shown on in North America ?
What day of the week was Spectre released in North America ?
On what day and month was Spectre released to the Chinese market ?
How much more money did Spectre make during its first weekend in China than Skyfall ?
By the weekend after its China release , how much had revenue decreased ?
How much had Spectre made in its first month in China ?
Spectre came in second in opening day gross in China behind what movie ?
How much money did Spectre gross after four weekends in China ?
What was Metacritics score for Spectre ?
How many individual ratings contributed to Metacritics score ?
What percentage of Spectre reviews did Rotten Tomatoes find to be in favor of the film ?
Who did CinemaScore ask for input on the film ?
What percentage of review on Rotten Tomatoes were positive ?
What was the movie ' s rating on Metacritic ?
Who gave Spectre a perfect rating in The Daily Telegraph ?
A writer for which publication rated the film 7 . 2 / 10 ?
What score did Mark Kermode give Spectre ?
How many stars did Mark Kermode of the Guardian aware Spectre prior to its release ?
Which journalist considered Spectre the worst James Bond movie in three decades ?
Which writer for the San Francisco Chronicle awarded Spectre with a perfect score ?
What score did the writer from the Chicago Tribune give to Spectre ?
The reviewer from Variety compares Spectre to which other Bond movie ?
Which Atlantic writer gave a negative review of Spectre ?
What adjective did Lawrence Toppman use to describe Craig ' s portrayal of James Bond ?
What publication does Alyssa Rosenberg write for ?
What was the catch phrase Lawrence Toppman of the Charlotte Observer used for the film ?
Whic organization is responsible for filtering movie content in India ?
Which social media site was used for complaining about the Indian censoring ?
Christoph Waltz ' s appearance in future Bond movies is contingent on the appearance of which other actor ?
When will work being on the follow - up to Spectre ?
When will the sequel to Spectre being development ?
In what year did the earthquake in Sichuan occur ?
What was the earthquake named ?
How many people were killed as a result ?
What year did the Sichuan earthquake take place ?
What did the quake measure ?
What day did the earthquake occur ?
What time of the day did the quake happen ?
How many people died ?
Which far away cities in other countries could feel the earthquake ?
What was the focal depth of the earthquake ?
How long after the earthquake were aftershocks felt ?
What is another name for the earthquake in Sichuan ?
Where was the epicenter of the earthquake ?
How far was it from Chengdu ?
What was the focal depth of the quake ?
How many people were confirmed dead ?
How many people were confirmed dead only in the Sichuan province ?
How many people were left homeless because of the earthquake ?
How many people lived in the affected area ?
How much money was dedicated to rebuild ravaged areas ?
How many people died in Sichuan Province ?
How many were injured in Sichuan ?
How many people are listed as missing ?
How many people are homeless because of the quake ?
How high could the homeless number possibly go ?
Where was the epicenter ?
How long did the earthquake last ?
What percentage of buildings were destroyed ?
What was the magnitude of the earthquake ?
How long did the main tremor last ?
What percentage of buildings were destroyed during the quake ?
On what fault did the earthquake occur ?
Where is the Longmenshan fault located ?
How long did the rupture last ?
How deep was the focus of the earthquake ?
Along what fault line did the quake happen ?
On which fracture did the quake focus ?
When wasmost of the energy released during the initial eruption ?
What was the most displacement caused by the earthquake ?
When was the confidential written report sent to the State Seismological Bureau ?
When was Geng ' s drought - earthquake correlation theory released ?
What did researcher Geng Qingguo say was sent to the State Seismological Bureau ?
What did this report warn about ?
What was the predicted time of the quake ?
What did Geng long try to establish as a relationship with earthquakes ?
What did an official with the Seismological Bureau deny receiving ?
How large was the displacement ?
Who warned of possible seismic activity in the area beforehand ?
What did the United States Geological Survey show as the amount of displacement ?
How long was the fault where the quake occurred ?
How deep is the fault ?
Where on the fault is the possibility of future earthquakes increased ?
What did Tom Parsons consider as the risk factor for strong future quakes ?
How many people were killed in the Hanshin earthquake ?
How did Yuji Yagi say the quake happened ?
What fault tore in two places ?
Besides the population density , what else contributed to the severity of the quake ?
How much greater was the energy of this quake than that released in the earthquake of 1995 in Japan ?
Why did the seismic waves travel so far ?
How many aftershocks were there ?
When were the aftershocks recorded ?
When did the latest magnitude 6 aftershock occur ?
How many aftershocks were there within 72 hours ?
What do the Chinese say is the total number of shocks after the quake ?
What did the strongest aftershock measure ?
How many shocks ranged from 4 . 0 MS to 4 . 9 MS ?
At what date did the most recent aftershock above 6 MS occur ?
When did this earthquake occur ?
Where did this earthquake occur ?
Why was it not included in the series ?
Where should you look for more details ?
Where was the August 30 , 2008 quake ?
What was the magnitude of the southern Sichuan quake ?
What earthquake happened in southern Sichuan ?
Who published the map of the earthquakes intensity ?
What was the intensity scaled at ?
What does the China Seismic Intensity Scale call the earthquake ?
How did the USGS rate the earthquake ?
What town was closest to the main epicenter ?
Where is the Longmenshan Fault located ?
What is the average slip in the Beichuan Fault ?
How large was the slip 30 km northeast of the fault ?
What was the vertical average slip on the Guanxian - Anxian fault ?
What was the horizontal average slip on the Guanxian - Anxian fault ?
Where is the Longmen shan fault located ?
Where are the Beichuan and Guanxian - Anxian Faults ?
What was the average vertical slip in the Beichaun Fault ?
What was the horizontal slippage in the Beichuan Fault at the epicenter ?
What was the horizontal slippage perpendicular to the fault ?
Where were office buildings evacuated ?
How did a receptionist describe the atmosphere after the evacuation ?
How long were workers in Ford Plant evacuated for ?
Which airport was shut down ?
When did the airport re - open ?
What happened to office buildings in Shanghai ?
Which airport was shut down ?
Why were flights delayed and diverted ?
What were they using the airport to stage for ?
Where did the reporters say they saw cracks on walls of some buildings ?
Where were office towers evacuated ?
Where did a cargo train derail as a result ?
What happened to the cargo train ?
What was reported in Chengdu ?
What was evacuated in Beijing ?
What part of the Olympic area was not damaged ?
Where did a cargo train derail ?
Why did the train catch fire ?
How many highways leading into Wenchuan were damaged ?
What percentage of building collapsed in Beichuan ?
Where did two chemical plants collapse ?
How many students out of the 900 in the school , survived the collapse ?
What highways into Wenchuan were damaged ?
What did the damaged roadways cause to the rescue operations ?
How many of the buildings in Beichuan collapsed ?
What leaked liquid ammonia in Shifang ?
How many of the 900 students buried in a Dujiangyan school collapse survived ?
Where were the exchanges based ?
What metal rose in value ?
What natural resource dropped in value ?
What did the Shanghai Stock Exchange do ?
Where were companies located that had their stock trading suspended ?
What metal rose due to speculation ?
Besides the Shanghai Stock Exchange , what other exchange suspended trading of southwestern China stock ?
What kinds of telecommunications were cut ?
What capabilities were cut to the entire Sichuan area ?
How long did it take for these capabilities to be restored ?
What was cut after the earthquake ?
Where were the internet cut ?
Who restored communications over a period of months ?
What internet services were decreased in the area ?
What services were finally online again ?
How many base stations did China Mobile have suspended ?
How many Unicom towers were suspended ?
How many China Mobile base stations stopped working ?
Besides power disruption , what caused telecommunications to be suspended ?
How many wireless communications failed in Sichuan ?
Whose service in Wenchuan was cut off ?
How many of China Unicom ' s towers were cut ?
What place could officials not contact ?
How many pandas live at the Reserve ?
How many British visitors to the Reserve left unharmed ?
How many pandas were injured ?
What nature center was cutoff ?
How many pandas escaped the reserve ?
How many security guards died at the reserve ?
What famous panda was killed under the rubble ?
What power plant was damaged ?
How far away was the plant located from the epicenter ?
How many troops were allocated to Zipingpu ?
How many dams were damaged ?
What power plant was damaged by the earthquake ?
How near to the epicenter was the power plant ?
What has a recent inspection found about the damage to the power plant ?
What might possibly collapse upstream from the power plant ?
What is the total number of dams damaged ?
How many deaths were reported ?
How many deaths were reported only in the Sichuan province ?
How many people were listed as missing ?
How many people were injured ?
How many earthquake relief workers were killed ?
How many died in Sichuan ?
What is the total tally of known deaths caused by the earthquake ?
What is the number of missing persons ?
How many people were injured ?
What were the 158 relief workers doing when they were killed ?
How many survivors were there from Yingxiu ?
Where is Yingxiu located ?
How many people in total lived in Yingxiu ?
How many people were killed in Beichuan County ?
How many people were injured in Beichuan County ?
How many survivors were there in the town of Yingxiu ?
What was the previous population of Yingxiu ?
How many residents were killed in Beichuan County ?
How large was the number of injured in Beichuan County ?
What is the number of schools that collapsed in Dujiangyan ?
What is poor about inland areas such as Sichuan ?
Who was the Vice Minister of Health ?
What did Gao Qiang tell reporters in Beijing ?
How economically forward has this area been ?
Where is health care poor in China ?
What did the Vice Minster of Health call the public health system in China ?
What should the government of China be responsible for providing to earthquake survivors ?
How many school children died due to shoddy construction ?
How many schools collapsed in Mianyang City ?
How many people were buried in the collapsed schools ?
How many school buildings collapsed in the province ?
How many students were buried in a school in Hanwang ?
What caused the deaths of many school children ?
How many schools collapsed in Mianyang City
How many people were buried under rubble in Mianyang City ?
How many school buildings fell in the entire province ?
How many were killed at the Juyuan Elementary School ?
When did an investigation occur under school casualties ?
When was the official tally of students killed in the earthquake released ?
How many students were killed in Xinhua ?
How many students were disabled in Xinhua ?
What date were the official numbers of students killed in the earthquake released ?
Who kept a blog about the school deaths ?
What is the total of school children killed ?
How many children are disabled ?
Where did the Chinese government decide that parents who had lost children could go for free treatment ?
How many people were left without housing ?
How many people could be potentially without housing ?
How many animals were killed ?
How many pigs died in Sichuan ?
Because of the earthquake , how many people did not have housing ?
How many people might actually be homeless ?
How much livestock was lost ?
How many pigs died from the earthquake in Sichuan ?
Who was a professor of civil and environmental engineering at Georgia Tech ?
What is the profession of Reginald DesRoches ?
When did China create a seismic design code for building ?
What catastrophe inspired them to make a building design code /
What happened days following the disaster ?
What did the team of engineers do ?
What did their findings show ?
After the quake what kind of international team was sent to the area ?
What was the team sent to China to make ?
What kind of reasons do their findings show ?
What areas were the hardest hit ?
Who was an assistant professor of civil engineering and geophysics at the California Institute of Technology ?
What part of China did the earthquake occur in ?
What did Swaminathan Krishnan mean when he said the buildings were just built ?
What manner of building codes are there in China ?
What were many of these old buildings built without ?
What is an estimate of the economic loss from the quake ?
What damage did the major Sichuan cities have ?
What is an estimate of losses to economics ?
Whose is this one of the costliest disasters in history of ?
Which cities in Sichuan had minor damage ?
How many buildings collapsed as a result of the May 27th aftershocks ?
How strong was the May 25 aftershock in Qingchuan county ?
How many people were injured in the May 25 aftershock ?
How many homes were destroyed because of the May 27 aftershocks ?
During the May 27 aftershock , how many people were injured ?
Where was the aftershock of August 5 that caused widespread hill slides ?
Who was the executive vice governor ?
How many homes were rebuilt ?
How many homes were left without permanent shelter ?
How many schools were reconstructed ?
Who spoke about the dead and missing people on November 21 , 2008 ?
How many people did Wei Hong say were dead or missing ?
How many homes had been rebuilt ?
How many houses were still under construction ?
How many families were still without permanent homes ?
Who flew to the earthquake area 90 minutes after it hit ?
What was Premier Wen Jiabao ' s background in ?
What did Jiabao oversee in the region ?
How many troops were dispatched by the Chengdu military ?
How soon after the earthquake was Premier Wen Jiabao on his way to the area ?
How many medical teams were sent to Wenchuan county ?
How many troops were sent to the area for relief work ?
Besides the rough terrain , why was it difficult to get to the area ?
What did the National Disaster Relief Commission initiate ?
What does a Level II emergency contingency plan cover ?
When did the plan rise to Level I ?
What level alert was instated for the quake ?
What class of disasters is a level II emergency ?
What level was the disaster set at 22 : 15 CST , May 12 ?
What department initiated the emergency contingency plan ?
How many people were in the earthquake emergency relief team ?
How many of the relief team were from the State Seismological Bureau ?
How many of the team were from the military ?
How many of the team were from the police ?
What kind of team left Beijing to go to Wenchuan ?
How many people comprised the relief team ?
How many soldiers were from the Beijing Military ?
Where did 22 of the relief team come from ?
How did the relief team travel to Wenchuan county ?
What did the China Digital Times report ?
Who was the construction engineer known as ?
Where was an article reported about the scandal ?
What was the name of the person who published a report in the China Digital Times ?
What was June 1 , 2008 called ?
Where were most of the surviving children ?
What did these children do on that day ?
Where did parents go to mourn their children ?
When is Children ' s Day ?
Where were surviving children living ?
How much did central state - owned enterprises donate ?
How much did China National Petroleum Corp and Sinopec donate ?
How much have Central state enterprises donated ?
How much did China National Petroleum and Sinopec donate ?
How much did China receive in donated money and goods ?
How many countries donated ?
How many international organizations donated ?
What country was the largest aid donor to China ?
How much financial assistance did Saudi Arabia give China ?
How much money was donated from foreign sources ?
What country was the largest aid donor to China ?
How many international organizations made donations ?
What did the State Council establish in 2008 ?
How long did the plan last ?
What did the state council set up in 2008 ?
What is the basis for this plan ?
How long is the plan due to last ?
What is the cost per province ' s budget ?
What was concluded about the construction ?
What structure did an article contemplate could have caused the quake ?
What was the affect of the dam on the stresses in that area ?
Who disregarded warnings about dams in the area ?
What type of area is Sichuan ?
What have researchers been denied ?
What did the earthquake allow ?
What did the professors predict ?
What did they try to establish ?
What did they collect to use in this method ?
What was stated in the press conference ?
What do many geologists believe about earthquake prediction ?
What kind of issue is earthquake prediction ?
What was received before the quake occurred ?
What did seismologist Gary Gibson have to say about the prediction of the quake ?
When was a Seismic Risk Analysis published ?
Who published the Seismic Risk Analysis ?
Who published a Seismic Risk Analysis Study ?
In what year did Chen Xuezhong publish an earthquake study ?
What strength did he predict the next quake in Sichuan to be ?
How long had it been since an earthquake of similar magnitude ?
How long since the Sichuan area has had a severe quake ?
Does the scientific community agree that earthquake prediction is possible ?
People wanted to know if the study of what math could produce better predictions ?
What is not an established science ?
What department was ready to join the rescue effort by Wednesday ?
How many Tibetan villagers were stranded ?
What was the reason that many rescue teams could not join the relief efforts ?
What action did the Red Cross recommend ?
What problem continued to stop rescue teams from reaching affected areas ?
Where were the soldiers under commander Yang Wenyao trying to go ?
What natural disasters were occurring in Wenchuan County ?
How many helicopters were deployed ?
How many militia reservists joined in on rescue efforts ?
How many survivors were found ?
How many troops parachuted into Mao County ?
What were the biggest difficulties in reaching affected areas ?
How many helicopters were sent to deliver aid to the affected areas ?
By May 13 , how many troops had been added to the rescue efforts ?
How people were reported to be survivors in Yingxiu Town ?
How many persons were still unaccounted for in Yingxiu ?
What did Premier Wen Jiabao order ?
How many helicopters were provided by the PLAAF ?
How many helicopter were to be provided by the civil aviation industry ?
How many aircraft were there in total ?
What is the total number of aircraft used in the relief operation ?
How many helicopters came from the PLAAF ?
Who provided the other 30 helicopters ?
What kind of operation did this massing of aircraft produce ?
What Foundation wanted to aid Beijing ?
Where was the foundation based ?
When did Beijing agree to aid from Taiwan ?
What was the first group from outside China to join in the relief operation ?
What did China say they would accept ?
What did China need help for ?
Who made a direct chartered cargo flight ?
What date did the cargo flight leave ?
When did a rescue team depart ?
How did the move the relief supplies from Taiwan to the stricken area ?
From what airport did the chartered flight leave ?
Where did the chartered flight from Taiwan land ?
What Red Cross team left Taipei on May 16
Where did the Red Cross team from Taiwan land ?
What did the US share ?
Who did the US share the satellite images with ?
How many Chinese troops were involved in the rescue efforts ?
When did groups from South Korea , Japan , and others arrive in China ?
What did the U . S . share with China ?
What was included in the the Air Force C - 17 supplies ?
How many Chinese troops and medics were involved in the relief efforts ?
What was extensively used to pass information to aid rescue and recovery efforts ?
What did the Xinhua news agency set up ?
What was the purpose of this online rescue request center ?
Where did rescue helicopters have trouble landing ?
What was used as a communications aid in the relief efforts ?
Who set up an online site to focus on blind spots in recovery ?
What person suggested a landing spot for helicopters near the epicenter ?
What kind of information were websites set up to store ?
On what date did a rescue helicopter crash with no survivors ?
What was done for the anniversary ?
Where did the government open access to ?
How long was it opened for ?
What did China do to mark the first anniversary of the quake ?
What will the Beichuan county seat be used for ?
What kind of event were given to raise money for quake survivors ?
What is the Beichuan museum meant to remind people of ?
What was also donated ?
What companies received the money ?
After the quake , people from where in China made donations ?
What caused long lines in most major cities ?
What were the Chinese setting up to take in donations ?
How did a lot of people donate using mobile phones ?
How much had the Chinese government designated by May 16 ?
How many tents were flown to the region ?
How many quilts were flown to the region ?
How much were both supplies worth ?
What county were the supplies flown to ?
How many tents did the Sichuan Ministry provide for the homeless ?
What group took tents and quilts to Wenchuan county ?
How much has the Amity Foundation designated for disaster relief ?
How many tents did the Sichuan Ministry of Affairs provide ?
What were all these tents and quilts for ?
What foundation had already begun relief work in the area ?
How many schoolrooms collapsed in the quake ?
What catch - phrase was invented as a result of collapsed schools ?
Why did so many schools collapse during the earthquake ?
What are the estimations of how many schoolrooms collapsed ?
What has the citizenry started calling these type of schools ?
What can illegal children be registered as in place of their dead siblings ?
What did CCTV - 1 host on the evening of May 18th ?
Who was the show hosted by ?
How large were the donations from the program ?
How much did Jackie Chan donate to support ?
What was the name of the music video that Jackie Chan made for the event ?
What was the program that CCTV - 1 hosted ?
What did the donations total for the program ?
What company gave the most ?
How much did actor Jackie Chan donate ?
What was the name of Chan ' s music video ?
What did a professor at the Peking University say about the handling of the earthquake ?
What did Myanmar block after Cyclone Nargis ?
What did a Peking professor say about Chinese media coverage ?
Who praised Chinese media coverage as being democratic ?
In which previous catastrophe not live up to international standards ?
What formed behind blockages ?
How many quake lakes formed ?
How many of the lakes were a danger to people ?
What was the magnitude of the Sichuan earthquake ?
What blocked many of the area ' s rivers ?
What formed behind the blocked rivers ?
By May 27 , how many earthquake lakes had formed up behind landslide debris ?
What had to be evacuated due to potential flooding ?
Where was the most precarious quake lake located ?
How could you only get to this quake lake ?
What machinery was airlifted into the location ?
How many people were evacuated downstream ?
What was the fear that caused 200 , 000 people to be evacuated from Mianyang ?
Where was the worst of the quake lakes located ?
Where is Mount Tangjia ?
How many soldiers had to travel to the area by foot ?
Who declared the mourning period ?
What did the State Council declare a period of ?
This was the biggest display of mourning since the death of who ?
When did the Chinese hold a moment of silence ?
What came to a halt during the moment of silence ?
How long was the national mourning for the quake victims to last ?
What was suspended for the duration of the mourning period ?
Where was the relay scheduled to take place ?
What was suspended during the period of mourning ?
Where was the torch relay supposed to take place ?
What part of the relay did they change ?
Where was there a minute of silence during the relay ?
What colors did many websites convert their home pages to ?
What did internet portals remove from their home pages ?
Many of what shut down completely ?
What did the crowds in Tiananmen Square do after the moment of silence ?
What business closed in Macau ?
Who was the principal of Sangzao Middle School ?
What was the principal credited with ?
How many students attended the school ?
How much money was used to strengthen the construction of the school ?
What school principal strengthened his school ?
Where is the Sangzao Middle School ?
The Sangzao school is one of the biggest in what county ?
How many years was Ye Zhiping involved in the school overhaul ?
Why were the schools inspected ?
What was to be carried out at schools after the quake ?
Who has joined an official inquiry into the school scandal ?
What investigation are the prosecutors pursuing ?
Where are the Chinese going to perform safety checks ?
What group reported that Chinese prosecutors were involved in investigating the schoolhouse collapses ?
What was given in exchange of signing the document ?
What other methods were used to break up protests ?
Who did the New York Times report was investigating the school collapses ?
What are officials seeking to do about protesting parents ?
What are officials offering parents in exchange of protests ?
What has happened to some who refuse to agree to not protest ?
What did officials order Chinese news media to stop reporting ?
Who was a Sichuan school teacher ?
What was Liu ' s family told ?
What was Liu Shaokun ' s profession ?
Why was he investigated ?
What did Liu Shankun do with the pictures he took of collapsed schools ?
Where did he call the schoolhouses shoddy ?
What was his assigned punishment ?
When did the sentencing occur ?
When was the article published about the case ?
What did he think that the poor construction led to ?
What did UNICEF report ?
What did foreign nations offer China because of the severity of the quake ?
When did China formally ask for help from the international community ?
What organization reported that China asked for help ?
Why did the world community notice the need for help ?
How much did Yao Ming donate ?
How much did the Red Cross collect in donations ?
How much money had been donated by May 14 ?
What group donated the 10 . 7 yuan ?
What famous basketball player made two large donations to the crisis ?
How much has the Red Cross Society collected ?
What did Francis Marcus say of the Chinese relief effort ?
What uncharacteristic attitude did China display ?
What kind of attitude did Burma display in response to a cyclone a few days earlier ?
How long before the quake did Cyclone Nargis strike Burma ?
What organization did Francis Marcus represent ?
What did stations replace programming with ?
What was the source of the live feeds ?
What about pay TV channels ?
What government blocked aid after Cyclone Nargis ?
Over what scandal did the Chinese government lose in public opinion ?
What was the Chinese government first praised for ?
What did parents accuse builders of doing ?
As of July 17 , 2008 what did parents complain of not receiving ?
What kind of stories were being censored in the media ?
Who has ignored the school issue ?
Who gave instructions to ignore the school issue ?
What media source has reported this happening ?
Why are the buildings so shoddily built ?
What did builder ' s use in place of steel rods as re - inforcement ?
Who was supposed to inspect building to see if they met national standards ?
Who has not been brought to justice ?
Who is still looking for compensation and justice ?
What has the government threatened people with to keep them from protesting ?
What media reported the threat of arrest ?
What did many families lose in the earthquake ?
What city in the United States has the highest population ?
In what city is the United Nations based ?
What city has been called the cultural capital of the world ?
What American city welcomes the largest number of legal immigrants ?
The major gateway for immigration has been which US city ?
The most populated city in the United States is which city ?
How many boroughs comprise New York City ?
In what year were the five boroughs combined into one city ?
In 2014 , what did the census estimate the population of New York City to be ?
What is the size of New York City in square miles ?
What is the population of New York ' s Combined Statistical Area ?
How man boroughs does New York City contain ?
The five boroughs of New York City are named what ?
All five boroughs of New York City formed into one city on what date ?
What is the population of New York City as of 2014 ?
How many languages are spoken by the people of New York City ?
What was the trading post that preceded New York City called ?
What nation founded New Amsterdam ?
In what year did New York become the largest city in the United States ?
When did the English take over the area from the Dutch ?
In what year did New York cease the be the capital of the United States ?
When was New York City established ?
New Amsterdam became the title of New York City in what past date ?
The English occupied New York City beginning on what date ?
New York City is the biggest city in the United States since what historical date ?
How many tourists visited New York in 2014 ?
How many stations are operated by the New York City Subway ?
In what borough is Wall Street located ?
How many school and universities are in NYC ?
NYC has the two largest stock exchanges in the world which are called what ?
What island was once a part of Long Island ?
During what period was the area around New York City located at the edge of an ice sheet 1 , 000 feet deep ?
Long Island and Staten Island were split in half by what geographical phenomenon ?
What was the name of the Lenape homeland ?
In what year did the first European arrive in the New York area ?
What was the name of the first European who arrived in the New York area ?
What was the name of Giovanni da Verrazzano ' s ship ?
What nation did Giovanni da Verrazzano serve ?
What did Giovanni da Verrazzano call the area when he staked claim on it ?
When was the first European to visit the area of NYC ?
Giovanni da Verrazzano ' s ship that sailed to New York was named what ?
Giovani da Verrazzano was an explorer from which country ?
In what year did a Spanish expedition visit New York Harbor ?
Who commanded the Spanish expedition ?
What was the nationality of Estêvão Gomes ?
What monarch did Estêvão Gomes serve ?
What was the name of Estêvão Gomes ' s ship ?
The front of the Hudson River was named what by Estevao Gomes ?
What was the first map to show the whole North American East coast ?
What was the name of the explorer who visited the area in 1609 ?
Who was Henry Hudson working for ?
In what year did the Netherlands claim the area between Delaware Bay and Cape Cod ?
How many days did Henry Hudson spend exploring the region ?
What did Henry Hudson call the river that is now called the Hudson River ?
Henry Hudson worked for which company in the 1600s ?
In what year was the land between Cape Cod and Delaware Bay claimed by the Dutch ?
Which explorer sailed his ship into New York harbor in 1609 ?
Where was Juan Rodriguez born ?
What did the Dutch call Juan Rodriguez ?
What was Juan Rodriguez ' s occupation ?
What is the street that is named after Juan Rodriguez ?
During what season did Juan Rodriguez first come to New York ?
Who was the first non - Indian person to live in what is now NYC ?
Which street in NYC today is now named after Juan Rodriguez ?
On what island did the Dutch set up a settlement to trade furs ?
On what island was Fort Amsterdam built ?
In what year did construction begin on Fort Amsterdam ?
What person bought Manhattan from the Canarsie for the Dutch ?
In what year did the Dutch buy Manhattan ?
New Netherland established a permanent European presence in what year ?
What year did building begin of Fort Amsterdam on Manhattan Island ?
What was the myth that Manhattan was bought for by General Peter Minuit ?
What did the English call New Amsterdam after its capture ?
What was the regnal name of the Duke of York ?
What person gave up New Amsterdam to the English ?
What was Peter Stuyvesant ' s title ?
In what year did the English take over New Amsterdam ?
Who gave up New Amsterdam to the English without a fight in 1664 ?
What was the regnal name of the Prince of Orange ?
What was the date of Anthonio Colve ' s capture of New York ?
What did Colve call New York after he captured it ?
In what year did the Dutch give New York back to the English ?
August 24 , 1673 is when which Dutch officer took control of NYC ?
The Dutch gave back the island to which country in 1674 after their trade routes had been destroyed ?
New York was called New Orange for a period based off which historical figure ?
After what war did the English receive New Amsterdam ?
How many Lenape lived in the area in 1700 ?
What was the name of the island the English traded to the Dutch in return for New Amsterdam ?
In 1700 , the Lenape Native American population had dwindled to how many ?
After which war did England gain New York in exchange for Run , an Indonesian island ?
In 1730 , what percentage of New York households were slave - holding ?
In 1730 , what American city had the highest percentage of slaveholders ?
Near what square was the African Burial Ground unearthed ?
What was being built that resulted in the discovery of the African Burial Ground ?
Which city in North America held the most slaves in the 1700s ?
When was as African burial ground discovered after the building of new courthouse ?
In what year was John Peter Zenger tried ?
On what island did Zenger ' s trial occur ?
In what year was Columbia University chartered ?
Under what king did the founding of Columbia University occur ?
What was the original name of Columbia University ?
Which trial in Manhatten helped establish the right of freedom of the press ?
Columbia University of New York was founded in what year ?
The Stamp Act Congress had a meeting in 1765 in which US city ?
What was the biggest battle of the American Revolution ?
In what borough did the Battle of Long Island occur ?
In what month and year was the Battle of Long Island fought ?
About how many escaped slaves were in New York during the time the British occupied it ?
In what year did the American Revolutionary War end ?
Which battle was the largest battle of the American Revolutionary war ?
Which borough of New York was the Battle of Long Island fought ?
When did the English army start to retreat and evacuate NYC during the Battle of Long Island ?
On what date did the peace conference on Staten Island occur ?
Who was the British representative at the Conference House meeting ?
What notable catastrophe took place under the British occupation ?
In what modern - day borough did the Great Fire happen ?
What noted religious building was destroyed in the Great Fire ?
Who was the English general who met with Benjamin Franklin on Septermber 11 , 1776 ?
Which natural disaster happened after English occupation of Lower Manhattan ?
In what year did New York become the United States capital ?
Who was the United States ' first President ?
In what building did the Supreme Court of the United States first sit ?
On what street did the writing of the Bill of Rights occur ?
What was the second largest city in the United States in 1790 ?
Which organization made New York the national capital in 1785 ?
New York City became the first what under the new Constitution of the United States ?
The first president , George Washington , took office in what year ?
By which year , did New York City become the largest city in the United States ?
In what year did the state of New York pass a law to free the slaves ?
What borough was home to a notable population of free African - Americans ?
Along with John Jay , who founded the New York Manumission Society ?
In what year did the state of New York eliminate slavery ?
In 1840 , about how many African - Americans lived in New York City ?
The gradual abolition act in New York was formed in what year ?
When was slavery completely outlawed in the state of New York ?
What plan of 1811 spread a grid of streets across Manhattan ?
In what year did the Erie Canal finish building ?
What political machine controlled New York politics in this era ?
Along with German immigrants , immigrants of what nationality supported Tammany Hall ?
The Erie Canal was finished being built in what year ?
What was the name of the first urban landscaped park in the United States ?
In what year was Central Park founded ?
Central park , in 1857 , became the first park in America to become what ?
What event brought many Irish immigrants to the United States ?
In 1860 , approximately how many people of Irish extraction were in New York ?
In 1860 , what fraction of the city population was composed of Irish immigrants ?
In 1860 , what percentage of the city population was composed of German immigrants ?
What events provoked the immigration of people from Germany ?
Which event brought upon a lot of Irish immigrants to NYC ?
How many immigrants that were Irish were living in New York in 1860 ?
Who was the mayor of New York City in 1861 ?
What was the commutation fee to avoid being conscripted during the American Civil War ?
People of what ethnicity most visibly participated in the Draft Riots of 1863 ?
About how many people died during the Draft Riots of 1863 ?
What was the approximate African - American population of New York City in 1865 ?
The Draft Riots caused which building to burn down in 1863 ?
In what year was the modern City of New York founded ?
In what year did the subway begin operation ?
Portions of what modern - day borough were included in the County of New York ?
The subway of New York was first available in what year ?
In what year did the General Slocum disaster occur ?
How many people died on the General Slocum ?
In what building did the city ' s deadliest industrial disaster occur ?
How many people died in the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire ?
The growth of what organization was prompted by the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire ?
A catastrophe in 1911 that killed 146 workers was called what ?
How many non - white people lived in New York in 1890 ?
What was the name of the Prohibition - era African - American cultural flourishing in New York ?
What was the population of people in New York that were not Caucasian in 1890 ?
In the early 1920s , what was the second most highly populated city in the world ?
What is the term for a city with a population of over 10 million ?
Who was mayor of New York during the Great Depression ?
For about how many years did Tammany Hall control New York political life ?
In the 1930s , New York City had more than 10 million people becoming the first what in history ?
When was construction finished on the United Nations Headquarters ?
Prior to New York , what city was the center of the world of art ?
What artistic movement caused New York to overtake Paris as the global art center ?
The headquarters what organization was done being build in 1952 in New York ?
The Stonewall riots are named after what building ?
In what neighborhood did the Stonewall riots occur ?
On what date did the Stonewall riots take place ?
In what borough did the Stonewall riots happen ?
What event provoked the Stonewall riots ?
Where did the Stonewall riots happen ?
In what year did the population of New York first reach an all - time high in this period ?
In what year did the population of New York reach an all - time high for the second time in this period ?
What was the name of a new sector of the New York economy that appeared in the 1990s ?
In what decade did the crime rate drop significantly ?
In what decade was there a significant decline in industrial jobs ?
Which decade did massive job losses happen in NYC due to industrial issues ?
What was the name of the aircraft that crashed into the World Trade Center ' s North Tower on September 11 , 2001 ?
What was the name of the aircraft that crashed into the World Trade Center ' s South Tower on September 11 , 2001 ?
How many firefighters died in the World Trade Center attack ?
On what date did the World Trade Center PATH begin operation ?
How tall is One World Trade Center in meters ?
The Hudson Terminal which was also demolished was build in what year ?
How many leader terrorists of Al Quada were involved with the 9 / 11 attacks directly that day ?
What was the plane named that crashed into the World Trade Center ?
On what date did the Occupy Wall Street protests commence ?
In what park did the Occupy Wall Street protests occur ?
In what borough did the Occupy Wall Street protests take place ?
In what district of Manhattan were the Occupy Wall Street protests ?
The Occupy Wall Street protests that took place in Zuccotti Park was on which date ?
What individual established the National Review ?
In what year was the National Review founded ?
What public figure defended New York in January 2016 ?
A presidential candidate from what party derided the city for its liberalism ?
In what geographical region of the United States is New York City located ?
In what geographical region of New York state is New York City located ?
New York City is about half the distance between Washington DC and what city ?
New York City is adjacent to what ocean ?
What river is New York City located on ?
New York City is at the base of which American river ?
The Hudson River flows into which body of water ?
The three islands that make up New York city are named what ?
The Hudson River serves as a dividing line between New York and what state ?
What river flows between the Hudson and East Rivers ?
What is the city ' s sole fresh water river ?
Into what body of water does the Hudson River terminate ?
Between New York City and what city is the Hudson River an estuary ?
The Hudson River separates NYC from which US state ?
The single only freshwater river in NYC is what river ?
Which river seperates The Bronx from Manhatten ?
What Manhattan development is the product of land reclamation ?
What is the total area of New York City in square miles ?
In square miles , how much of the city ' s total area is composed of water ?
In square miles , how much of the city ' s total area is land ?
What is the name of New York City ' s highest point ?
On what island is New York City ' s highest point located ?
How many square miles in NYC ?
How many square miles are water in NYC ?
How many square miles are land in NYC ?
The highest peak in the city is what location ?
How many feet above sea level is Todt Hil ?
What structure is an example of saltbox architecture ?
In what borough is the Pieter Claesen Wyckoff House located ?
What building is the priciest office tower in the world ?
In what borough is One World Trade Center located ?
In what year did construction on the oldest part of Pieter Claesen Wyckoff House begin ?
The most expensive office tower built in the world today is what ?
How many high - rises were present in New York City in 2011 ?
What city has the most high - rise buildings in the world ?
How many structures in New York City are over 100m tall ?
In what year was the Woolworth Building completed ?
How many buildings in New York City are over 200m high ?
NYC has the highest quantity of skyscrapers after which other world city ?
How many buildings located in NYC are at least 330 feet in height ?
In what year was the Empire State Building completed ?
The Chrysler Building reflects what architectural style ?
What floor of the Chrysler Building has sculptures of eagles at its corners ?
What building known for its bronze - tinted I - beams was completed in 1957 ?
What is the full name of the organization known by the acronym AIA ?
Which animal decorates the corners of the Chrysler Building ?
When was the Empire State Building constructed ?
When was the Chrysler building built in NYC ?
In what borough is the Riverdale neighborhood located ?
In what borough is the Ditmas Park neighborhood located ?
In what borough is the Douglaston neighborhood located ?
Brownstone rowhouse construction is most often associated with the period beginning in 1870 and ending in what year ?
Along with Tudor Revival , what is a common architectural style of single - family houses in New York ?
What type of housing structure makes up most of the large residential districts of NYC ?
What event led to the decline in wooden construction in New York City ?
In the 19th century , New York city required water towers in the roofs of buildings that were more than how many stories tall ?
What area was known for its garden apartments ?
After the Great Fire of 1835 , what became the most widespread building materials ?
To prevent high water pressures at lower elevations what were built on many of the city ' s buildings ?
When did the United States Geological Survey released its seismic hazard analysis ?
How many of New York ' s boroughs would be counted among the United States ' ten most populated cities if they were independent ?
How many boroughs does New York City have ?
Which four boroughs of NYC would be among the the most populous cities in the US if they were independent cities ?
What is the name of New York City ' s climate using the Köppen climate classification ?
How many sunny days does New York average each year ?
How many hours of sunshine does New York receive every year ?
The suburbs of the city lie between the humid subtropical and what other climate zone ?
What month in New York City is the coldest ?
What type of climate does NYC possess ?
How many days on average does NYC get sunshine annually ?
What planting zone does the city land in ?
What mountains serve as a barrier to keep New York City comparatively warmer in the winter ?
What is New York City ' s daily January mean temperature in degrees celsius ?
What is the average humidity in July as a percentage ?
On average , how often do New York temperatures exceed 90 degrees Fahrenheit each year ?
On what date did New York record its highest temperature ever ?
What is the highest temperature recorded in NYC ?
When was the lowest temperature recorded in NYC ?
The highest temperature ever recorded in NYC was in what year ?
In millimeters , how much precipitation does New York receive a year ?
In centimeters , what is the average winter snowfall ?
When did Hurricane Sandy strike New York ?
How many inches of precipitation does NYC get in a year ?
Which natural disaster occurred on October 29 , 2012 in NYC ?
The mean snowfall between 1981 and 2010 in NYC has been how many inches ?
What is the name of the New York City department that operates the park system ?
What is the state office that operates New York City parks ?
What federal service operates New York City parks ?
What city was rated as having the best park system by The Trust for Public Land ?
What city had the second highest ParkScore rating ?
The 2013 ParkScore rating for NYC made NYC second in best park system to what other US city ?
How large is the Gateway National recreation Area in hectares ?
About how large is the Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge in acres ?
What fort is located on the Rockaway Peninsula ?
What park is located on the Rockaway Peninsula ?
What body of water is Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge adjacent to ?
How many acres of land does Gateway Nation Recreation contain ?
What body administers the Ellis Island Immigration Museum ?
What is the common name for the General Grant National Memorial ?
In what neighborhood is the Stonewall Inn located ?
What movement is the Stonewall Inn most famously associated with ?
The Statue of Liberty is taken care of by what organization ?
The Statue of Liberty is also in what other US state ?
Ellis Island is considered in New York state and which other ?
Which landmark is considered the spark for LGBT rights ?
The landmark , General Grant National Memorial , is also called what ?
How many state parks exist in New York City ?
How large is Riverbank State Park in acres ?
How many meters is Riverbank State Park elevated above the Hudson River ?
How many New York state parks are within New York City ?
Riverbank State park ' s highest point is how high above the Hudson River ?
New York has approximately how many acres of parks ?
How many miles of public beach are located in New York City ?
What is the biggest public park in the city ?
How large is Pelham Bay Park in hectares ?
New York City has how many acres of land dedicated to parks ?
How long are all the public beaches together in miles ?
What is the largest park in New York City ?
How many acres of land does Pelham Bay park have ?
What is the name of the military base in New York City ?
In what year was Fort Hamilton founded ?
In what borough is Fort Hamilton located ?
What division is based at Fort Hamilton ?
What brigade is headquartered at Fort Hamilton ?
The U . S . military has only one active location in NYC named what ?
When was Fort Hamilton built ?
Which borough can Fort Hamilton be found ?
Fort Wadsworth and Fort Totten are located in which area of New York City ?
What was the population of New York City in 2014 ?
What is the US city with the second largest population ?
How many people moved to New York City between April 2010 and July 2014 ?
Approximately what percentage is New York City ' s population of the entire state ' s population ?
About what percentage is New York City ' s population of the New York metropolitan area ' s population ?
What is the population of NYC as of 2014 ?
The second largest city in the US is what ?
What percentage of people that live in the state of New York live in New York City ?
How many people live in a square mile of New York City ?
What is the population density of Manhattan per square kilometer ?
Some cities in what county have a higher population density than New York City ?
What percentage of the city ' s population is Caucasian ?
What percentage of the city ' s population is African - American ?
What ethnicity is growing the quickest in New York City ?
What percentage of the population identifies as Hispanic ?
By what percentage did the non - Hispanic white population decrease ?
As of 2010 , what percentage made up white people in NYC ?
Since what event did the first time black people decline in living in NYC ?
Which race of people made it the highest growing ethnicity between 2000 - 2010 in NYC ?
What percentage of Africans make up NYC ?
How many immigrants arrived at Ellis Island from 1892 to 1924 ?
' Melting pot ' was first used to describe neighborhoods in what area of the city ?
What ethnicity comprised the largest number of immigrants at the beginning of the twentieth century ?
What percentage of the population was Caucasian in 1940 ?
What was the ethnicity of the second largest group of immigrants in 1900 ?
Between 1892 - 1924 , how many immigrants came through Ellis Island ?
In the year 1942 , what percentage of white Americans made up New York City ?
What percentage of the population was born outside the United States ?
From what country did the largest number of foreign - born immigrants originate as of 2011 ?
About how many immigrants from Bangladesh lived in the city in 2013 ?
What country was the second largest source of foreign - born New Yorkers in 2011 ?
What percentage of the population of NYC was born in another country ?
What New York borough contains the highest population of Asian - Americans ?
What borough housed the first Chinatown in New York ?
As of 2012 , what percentage of the New York City population was ethnically Chinese ?
What borough is home to a large Tibetan population ?
What percentage of the New York City population is Japanese ?
How many non - Hispanic whites lived in New York City in 2012 ?
What is the non - Hispanic white population of Houston ?
How many New Yorkers are of Polish ancestry ?
How many New York City residents are of Greek heritage ?
What borough has the largest population of ethnic Albanians ?
NYC has the largest white population by how many people ?
About how many people live in New York City ' s metropolitan area ?
As of 2012 , how many Jewish people lived in the New York metropolitan area ?
What percentage of the total Indian - American population of the United States lives in the New York metropolitan area ?
How many Hispanic people live in the New York metropolitan area ?
Approximately how many Chinatowns exist in New York City ?
In 2013 , how many people of Puerto Rican ancestry lived in New York City ?
What nation provided the most legal immigrants to New York City in the Caribbean ?
Out of all African nations , which provided the most legal immigrants in 2013 ?
Out of all nations in Central America , which provided the most legal immigrants in 2013 ?
Of all the countries in South America , which provided the most legal immigrants in 2013 ?
How many self - identified LGB people live in the New York metropolitan area ?
On what date did New York legalize gay marriage ?
How many days after gay marriage was legalized were gay marriages allowed to take place ?
How many people identify as gay or bisexual in NYC ?
Same - sex marriage became legal on what date in New York ?
Since Gay marriage became legal , how many days did people have to wait to marry ?
What percentage of New Yorkers are Christians ?
What percentage of New Yorkers follow the Catholic faith ?
About how many Jews live in New York City ?
What borough has the largest population of Jewish people ?
What is the third most popular faith in New York City ?
What was the most prominent religion in New York as of 2014 ?
The second most prominent religion in New York is what ?
Half the population of Jews live in what borough of New York City ?
What percentage of people in 2014 had no religion ?
The third most popular religion in NYC is what ?
What is New York City ' s Gini Coefficient ?
What borough has a Gini Coefficient of 0 . 6 ?
What previous mayor of New York is a billionaire ?
In 2014 , millionaires made up what percentage of New York City ' s population ?
What is the average weekly wage in Manhattan ?
The average weekly earnings for a worker in NYC was what in 2014 ?
By 2013 , which city had the most billionaires living in the city ?
What is the common name for New York ' s high technology sector ?
Who created the Global Economic Power Index that ranked New York first ?
In what year did the Port of New York and New Jersey deal with unprecedented cargo volume ?
In what year was New York ranked first on the Global Economic Power Index ?
What fraction of New Yorkers in the private sector are employed by foreign companies ?
What publication ranked New York first in the 2013 American Cities of the Future rankings ?
What was the 2015 assessed value of all the property in New York ?
How much was Time Warner Center worth in 2006 ?
What was the price per square foot of 450 Park Avenue when it sold in July 2007 ?
What was the price per square meter of 660 Madison Avenue in June 2007 ?
Of the top 10 zip codes with the most expensive housing prices in the United States , how many are in Manhattan ?
Which building has the highest market value in NYC ?
The previous record beaten by Park Avenue was for what real estate ?
What is the popular name of New York ' s advertising industry ?
About how many people work in the New York fashion industry ?
About how much does it cost per year to pay workers in the New York fashion industry ?
With Interpublic Group , what company has a combined annual revenue of roughly US $ 21 billion ?
NYC ' s fashion industry employs how many people ?
The Two highest advertising agencies in the world located in NYC are called what ?
How many New Yorkers work in the food processing field ?
What is the annual revenue of the food processing industry ?
In what borough is the garment business prominent ?
What dollar amount of chocolate does New York export annually ?
Where is the " Chocolate District " located ?
In what borough is Godiva based ?
What is the number one specialty food export of New York ?
What type of food is NYC ' s leading food export ?
Which one of the world ' s largest chocolate makers is stationed in Manhattan ?
As of 2013 , how many people worked for a securities business in New York ?
What percentage of New York private sector jobs are in the securities industry ?
How much tax revenue does the securities industry generate ?
What is the average income in the New York securities industry ?
What percentage of the city ' s wages does the securities industry provide ?
22 Percent of NYC ' s total wages are from what industry ?
On what street is the New York Stock Exchange headquartered ?
What is the street address of NASDAQ ?
In 2012 , how many investment banking fees were paid out to Wall Street ?
In 2013 - 4 , what percentage of New York state tax revenues came from the securities business on Wall Street ?
Who was the previous overseer of the London interbank offered rate ?
The New York Stock exchange is located where in NYC ?
The NASDAQ is located on what street in NYC ?
How many square meters of office space does Manhattan have ?
About how many million square feet of office space is present in Midtown Manhattan ?
How much office space did Manhatten possess in 2015 ?
In what borough is Silicon Alley located ?
What is the street address of the headquarters of Verizon Communciations ?
How much did Verizon spend on fiber optic upgrades in New York City ?
Approximately how many tech sector jobs are in New York City ?
The technology sector of work in NYC has how many employees in its service ?
Along with Cornell University , what institution is involved in the building of Cornell Tech ?
What is the cost to build Cornell Tech ?
On what island is Cornell Tech located ?
About how much capital did Accelerator raise as of the middle of 2014 ?
How large is the Alexandria Center for Life Science in square meters ?
In 2011 , what school was built on Roosevelt Island ?
How many tourists visited New York in 2011 ?
How many people came to visit New York in 2013 ?
What is the record number of tourists that have visited New York in a year ?
How much money did tourism create for New York in 2014 ?
How many tourists that visited NYC in 2014 broke the record ?
How many tourists visited NYC in 2013 ?
What English phrase does I ❤ NY represent ?
When was I ❤ NY first used in advertisements ?
Who owns the trademark to I ❤ NY ?
What is the state song of New York ?
I Love New York was established as advertising in what year ?
What is the state song of New York ?
In what neighborhood does the Halloween Parade take place ?
What company sponsors the Thanksgiving Day parade ?
At what location is a Christmas tree famously lit every year ?
Where in Central Park are performances offered at no cost ?
In what borough is the Unisphere located ?
About how many hotel rooms are there in Manhattan ?
What was the percentage increase of Manhattan hotel rooms between 2013 and 2014 ?
Who owns the Waldorf Astoria ?
What was the October 2014 purchase price of the Waldorf Astoria ?
The hotel that sold for the most money in 2014 was which in NYC ?
How many hotel rooms are located in NYC as of the end of 2014 ?
Who bought the Waldorf Astoria hotel in NYC in 2014 ?
The Waldorf Astoria hotel sold for how many dollars ?
Approximately how many feature films are made in New York City every year ?
How many New Yorkers work in the television and film industry ?
How much money does the New York film and television industry create every year ?
What United States city is the second most popular for pilot episode location filming ?
Along with Warner Music Group , what top three record label is based in New York City ?
What city is North America ' s biggest media market ?
Out of the top eight advertising agency networks in the world , how many are based in New York ?
How many people work in the New York publishing industry ?
Which New York - based newspaper has won the Pulitzer Prize for journalism ?
Along with the New York Times , what national daily newspaper is based in New York ?
What was the founding year of the New York Daily News ?
Who was the founder of the New York Post ?
How many newspaper offices are located in New York ?
How many magazines can call NYC home ?
How many national newspapers out of the three are from New York ?
Which two national newspapers are located in New York ?
When was the New York Daily News founded ?
Along with ABC and NBC , what other major broadcaster is based in New York ?
What is the name of the city ' s public television service ?
What comedy channel on cable television is headquartered in New York ?
What cable news channel is based in New York ?
What is the name of the first public - access TV channel in the country ?
In what year did the Manhattan Neighborhood Network begin ?
What is the primary public television station in New York ?
What is the largest public radio station in the US by audience size ?
In what year did the city cease to own WNYC ?
The public - assess TV channel that has been around the longest in the US in what ?
When was the Manhattan Neighborhood Network created ?
The largest public radio station by listeners is what in New York ?
What city department runs the public school system ?
How many students are in New York City public schools ?
About how many public schools are there in New York City ?
How many high schools for gifted students does New York City have ?
How many students regularly attend schools in NYC ?
How many highschools are specialized in NYC ?
What institution aids in the creation of charter schools in New York ?
About how many private schools does New York have ?
About how many students attend schools in the City University of New York system ?
What fraction of Manhattan residents graduated from college ?
What fraction of Manhattan residents have graduate degrees ?
The City University of New York system consists of how many institutions ?
How many students in New York partcipate in higher education ?
What is the largest library in the United States ?
What is the second largest library in the US ?
What is the name of the library system in Queens ?
What is Brooklyn ' s public library system called ?
Along with Staten Island and the Bronx , what borough is served by the New York Public Library ?
The largest municipal healthcare in the US is what ?
How many hospitals does HHC operate ?
What is the yearly revenue of the New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation ?
How many patients are served annually by HHC ?
How many uninsured New Yorkers take advantage of HHC ?
In what year was the New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation founded ?
How many nursing homes does HHC operate ?
The public hospital that has been around the longest in the US is what ?
Who is the president of HHC ?
What was the first public hospital founded in the United States ?
If the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom becomes sick in New York City , what hospital does he go to ?
Who is the HHC president ?
In what state did the president of HHC previously work ?
What was the president of HHC ' s previous job title ?
The largest police presence in the US is NYPD with how many people ?
NYPD officers have a nickname that is known as what ?
What does the acronym NYPD stand for ?
About how many police work for the NYPD ?
What is the nickname given to New York City Police Department officers ?
What was the low record for homicides in 2014 in NYC ?
What percentage decrease in violent crime did the city see between 1993 and 2005 ?
As of 2002 , to what city did New York have a comparable crime rate ?
In what year did the city have less than 500 homicides ?
How many homicides were there in New York City in 2014 ?
In the first half of 2010 , what percentage of shooting victims were African - American or Hispanic ?
The first major crime groups in NYC were in the 1820s known as what ?
What group controlled the Mafia in New York in the 20th century ?
The Forth Thieves and Roach Guards were two gangs that operated in what area of New York in the 1820s ?
What was a notable 20th century gang in New York ?
What is the largest fire department force in the world ?
What is the second largest fire department force in the world ?
What is the The New York City Fire Department ' s motto ?
What does FDNY stand for ?
What city is home to the largest municipal fire department in the world ?
How many firefighters work for the New York City Fire Department ?
The FDNY employs about how many paramedics and EMTs ?
What is the motto of the New York City Fire Department ?
New York is home to what largest transportation system in the world ?
What types of fires can start in parks and woodlands ?
What is the address for The New York City Fire Department headquarters ?
Which island is home to the Fire academy in NYC ?
Which borough of NYC is home to the The New York City Fire Department headquarters ?
What is the street address of the New York Fire Department headquarters ?
In what borough is the FDNY headquartered ?
Where is the fire department ' s training academy located ?
What is the street address of the Bureau of Fire Communications alarm office in Brooklyn ?
Jazz became popular during which decade in NYC ?
Which decade did hip hop start to surface in NYC ?
What was the name of the cultural development that defined the black American literary canon ?
What musical style was prominent in New York in the 1940s ?
What artistic style was prominent in New York in the 1950s ?
What was the name of the new musical style that emerged from New York in the 1970s ?
The fashion capital of the world is what city in the US ?
One of the biggest fashion shows in the world is named what in New York ?
By what other name is abstract expressionism known ?
What is the name of the prominent fashion event that occurs in New York ?
Who ranked New York as the fashion capital of the world ?
The Broadway Musical began in what decade ?
Approximately how many galleries of art are in New York City ?
Along with Broadway , what New York thoroughfare is associated with Broadway musicals ?
Who was Hart ' s writing partner ?
About how many cultural and artistic organizations are in New York City ?
What technological development led resulted in elaborate stage productions ?
How many people attended Broadway shows during the 2013 - 2014 season ?
What is the nickname of the Times Square Theater District ?
What was the dollar amount of the tickets sold on Broadway in 2013 - 14 ?
What was the percentage increase in the Broadway ticket revenue from 2012 - 3 to 2013 - 4 ?
How many people attended a Broadway show in the 2013 - 4 season ?
In 2012 - 3 , what number of people saw a show on Broadway ?
How many restaurants are there in NYC ?
How many mobile food vendors operate in New York City ?
How many restaurants is New York home to ?
What public department inspects the restaurants of New York ?
According to Michelin , about how many fine dining restaurants exist in New York ?
The Brooklyn Dodgers were created in what year ?
Which four of the world ' s most expensive stadiums are located in NYC ?
Which two sports stadiums of New York City were featured on US stamps ?
In what year were the Brooklyn Dodgers founded ?
What professional soccer organization is headquartered in New York ?
How many professional sports leagues have their headquarters in New York ?
About how many major professional sports teams have been based at one time or another in New York ?
NYC is known as the Capital of which sport ?
How many Major League Baseball World Series has NYC teams won ?
It is one of only five areas to contain two teams of what sport ?
How many minor league baseball teams are there in NYC ?
How many World Series have New York teams won ?
How many Major League baseball league pennants have New York teams won ?
How many professional baseball teams are located in New York ?
How many times have two teams from New York played against each other in the World Series ?
What is the nickname for a World Series where two New York teams play against each other ?
The New York Giants and the New York Jets place at which stadium in NYC ?
When was the most recent superbowl held in NYC for football ?
Along what the New York Jets , what NFL team is based in New York ?
What stadium do the New York Jets call home ?
What city is MetLife Stadium located in ?
What Super Bowl took place at MetLife Stadium ?
In what year did a Super Bowl occur at MetLife Stadium ?
There are two hockey teams located in NYC . What are they ?
Which town do the New Jersey Devils hockey team play ?
In what city are the New Jersey Devils located ?
What sport do the New York Rangers play ?
Along with the New York Rangers , what NHL franchise is based in New York ?
Which two national basketball teams play in NYC ?
New York City ' s women ' s basketball team is called what ?
The first college basketball championship took place in NYC in what year ?
What Women ' s National Basketball Association team is based in New York ?
What is the name of the collegiate basketball championship that takes place in New York ?
In what year was the inaugural National Invitation Tournament ?
Along with the Brooklyn Nets , what NBA team is based in New York ?
Which borough of New York hosts the US Open Tennis championships ?
The Wanamaker Mile is an event by which annual track and field meeting ?
The oldest , longest horse races in the US are located in NYC called what ?
Which years did NYC host the PGA golf championships ?
The Amateur Boxing Golden Gloves are held at which location in NYC ?
In what borough is the National Tennis Center located ?
What tennis Grand Slam event is held at the National Tennis Center ?
How many people completed the New York Marathon in 2006 ?
What annual sporting competition features the Wanamaker Mile ?
At what venue does the Amateur Boxing Golden Gloves take place ?
A version of baseball played in city streets was nicknamed was in the 1930s ?
What street was renamed in the late 2000s to commemorate the street version of baseball ?
In what borough is Stickball Boulevard located ?
Which subway system is considered the largest in the world ?
How many stations does the New York City Subway system contain ?
Which station is known as the world ' s biggest railroad station ?
How many people rode the New York City Subway in 2014 ?
What is the nickname given to Grand Central Terminal ?
How many minutes does it take the average New Yorker to get to work ?
What percentage of New Yorkers use public transportation to get to work ?
What percentage of people living in Manhattan own a car ?
In 2005 , what percentage of New York residents used mass transit to get to work ?
What percentage of Americans drive cars to work ?
In minutes , how long does it take for the average New Yorker to get to work ?
What percentage of New York households don ' t own an automobile ?
What percentage of Manhattan residents own an automobile ?
The busiest bus station in the world in the world is called what ?
How many buses visit the Port Authority Bus Terminal each day ?
How many New Yorkers ride the bus on a daily basis ?
What is New York ' s primary bus terminal ?
The three airports that have the most people come through them in NYC are which ?
What is the second busiest airport in the New York metro area ?
In 2011 , what airport did the most international travelers in North America visit ?
What city is Stewart International Airport located close to ?
How many travelers visited JFK , LaGuardia and Newark Liberty in 2012 ?
The world ' s most popular ferry route is which in NYC ?
How many hours a day does the The Staten Island Ferry run ?
In kilometers , how long is the Staten Island Ferry route ?
Staring in State Island , in what borough does the Staten Island Ferry ' s route terminate ?
How many passengers ride the Staten Island Ferry annually ?
Which bridge in NYC is the busiest in the world ?
The biggest suspension bridge in the US is what ?
The bridge made with steel - wire is which in NYC ?
The Brooklyn Bridge was the worlds largest until what date ?
What is the busiest bridge for cars in the world ?
Starting in Manhattan , the George Washington Bridge terminates in what New Jersey county ?
What is the longest suspension bridge in the United States ?
What style of architecture was used to design the Brooklyn Bridge ?
In what year did the Brooklyn Bridge cease to be the world ' s longest suspension bridge ?
Which tunnel do 120 , 000 vehicles travel through a day in NYC ?
The Holland Tunnel opened in what year ?
The Queens - Midtown Tunnel was finished in what year ?
Who was the first person to drive through The Queens - Midtown Tunnel ?
How many vehicles utilize the Lincoln Tunnel daily ?
What body of water is above the Lincoln Tunnel ?
What borough is connected to New Jersey via the Lincoln Tunnel ?
In what New Jersey city does the Holland Tunnel terminate ?
Who drove through the Queens - Midtown Tunnel before anyone else ?
How many daily bicycle riders are there in NYC ?
Each day , about how many New Yorkers bike ?
About what percentage of New York City travel is done by bike or on foot ?
What company paid for 10 , 000 bikes for the city ' s bicycle sharing program ?
Research by what institution of higher learning showed that most New Yorkers support bicycle sharing ?
Who ranked New York as the most walkable large US city in 2015 ?
Who supplies NYC with drinkable water ?
From what mountain range does New York ' s drinking water come from ?
How much is being spent on a water purification plant at the Croton Watershed ?
After the water purification plant at the Croton Watershed is built , how much more water will be added to the city ' s supply each day ?
What percent increase in water supply will the city see after the Croton Watershed plant is finished ?
In what geographical direction would a New Yorker travel to reach the Croton Watershed ?
How many members are on the NYC city council ?
How many terms can the mayjor of NYC serve in total ?
What is the duration of a New York City councilperson ' s term ?
How many councilors sit on the City Council ?
How many terms in a row can a person serve as mayor ?
What is the official journal of New York City ?
If someone serves three consecutive terms as mayor and wants to run again , how many years must they wait ?
Which political party holds the majority of most office terms in NYC ?
In 2008 , what percentage of voters were democrats ?
Which US president became the first to receive over 80 percent of NYC votes ?
What was the last year that a republican candidate won all four boroughs of NYC ?
Which president won all of NYC in 1924 ?
What party are most public officials of New York members of ?
In November 2008 , how many New Yorkers were registered as Democrats ?
In what year was the last presidential election when a Republican won New York City ?
How many boroughs did Barack Obama win in the 2012 presidential election ?
What political party was Calvin Coolidge a member of ?
As of 2012 , how many physicians were working in New York City ?
Where is the Cornell University / Technion - Israel Institute of Technology located ?
As of 2004 , how many Nobel Prize winners had roots in New York institutions ?
How many people are admitted to HHC institutions annually ?
How many people visit HHC emergency rooms every year ?
How many people visit HHC clinics annually ?
What fraction of general hospital discharges receive treatment at HHC ?
What fraction of emergency room visits receive treatment at HHC ?
Being exposed to what type of pollution has been theorized to increase aggression ?
The decrease in crime in New York is sometimes attributed to the decline of what street drug ?
Who commented on New York that " culture just seems to be in the air , like part of the weather " ?
In what library can the book New York , culture capital of the world , 1940 – 1965 be found ?
What institution of higher education has described New York as the cultural capital of the world ?
Along with Latvia , the consulate of what country has called New York the cultural capital of the world ?
In what borough is the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts located ?
In what part of Manhattan can you find Lincoln Square ?
In what square is the theater named after Lee Strasberg located ?
At what institution of higher education is the Tisch School of the Arts located ?
In what New York park can one find performances at no cost ?
What New York thoroughfare is Museum Mile located on ?
In what borough is Museum Mile located ?
When was the Guggenheim built ?
In what year was the grand opening of the Museum for African Art on 110th Street ?
In what part of Manhattan is the Museum Mile located ?
Along with New Yorkese , what is another name for the New York dialect ?
What sitcom did the Archie Bunker character feature in ?
What actor performed the role of Archie Bunker ?
What is the transliteration of the way in which New Yorkers are perceived to pronounce the name of their city ?
What Major League Soccer franchise is based in New York ?
What stadium does the New York City FC call home ?
In what city are the New York Red Bulls based ?
What famous soccer player played for the New York Cosmos ?
At what institution of higher education is James M . Shuart Stadium located ?
What fraction of United States rail riders call the New York City Metropolitan Area home ?
How many rail lines are there on New York City ' s commuter rail network ?
About how many stations does New York City ' s commuter rail network have ?
The AirTrain has a station at what airport ?
What Amtrak station in New York sees the most use ?
In what borough is Pennsylvania Station located ?
How many 24 - hour rapid transit systems are located in New York ?
What 24 - hour rapid transit system is in Philadelphia ?
What 24 - hour rapid transit system is outside the United States ?
What does the acronym PATH stand for ?
Along with the East Side Access project and 7 Subway Extension , what heavy - rail project is being built in New York City ?
About how many yellow cabs operate in New York ?
Where does the aerial tramway that starts on Roosevelt Island terminate ?
What industry is Broadway associated with ?
What industry is Wall Street associated with ?
What industry is Madison Avenue associated with ?
What New York street is associated with fashion ?
At what time are drivers in New York most likely to experience traffic jams ?
What geographical portion of Connecticut is linked to New York via highway ?
What part of New Jersey can be reached from New York by taking the expressway ?
What island is the borough of Brooklyn located on ?
Queens is located on what part of Long Island ?
The borough of Staten Island is primarily located on what island ?
What architectural style does the Throgs Neck Bridge reflect ?
The Queensboro Bridge utilized what type of construction ?
How many clean diesel and hybrid taxicabs did New York City have in 2010 ?
What percentage of the New York City cab fleet was clean diesel or hybrid in 2010 ?
What percent reduction of greenhouse gases does Mayor de Blasio want to see by 2050 ?
What is the name of a notable green office building in New York ?
What legal case sought to compel the Environmental Protection Agency to regular greenhouse gases ?
How long is Newtown Creek in kilometers ?
How many cubic meters of oil is supposed to be in Newtown Creek ?
What notable accidental fossil fuel discharge occurred at Newtown Creek ?
What type of government does New York City have ?
In what year did New York City adopt the mayor - council form of government ?
What numbered department of the Supreme Court is located in Brooklyn ?
In what borough is the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court located ?
What branch of government are the administrative courts a part of ?
In what borough is the main courthouse of the District Court for the Southern District of New York located ?
What federal district court has its main courthouse in Brooklyn ?
What square is home to the US Court of International Trade ?
What federal district court has jurisdiction over Staten Island ?
In what borough is the New York City Hall found ?
Four - fifths of the ZIP codes that provide the highest amount of political contributions in the United States are located in what borough ?
What ZIP code was responsible for the greatest amount of contributions in the 2004 presidential election for both candidates ?
How much money in cents does New York City receive for every dollar paid in federal taxes ?
How much more money does the city give to the state of New York annually than it receives ?
Each year , how much more money does New York City give to the federal government than it gets back ?
What is the new name of the Sister City Program of the City of New York , Inc . ?
In what year did the Sister City Program of the City of New York , Inc . have its name changed ?
When did To Kill a Mockingbird first get circulated ?
What prize did To Kill a Mockingbird win ?
Who wrote To Kill a Mockingbird ?
Who wrote the novel To Kill a Mockingbird ?
What year was To Kill a Mockingbird first published ?
Whom did Lee base the characters in To Kill a Mockingbird on ?
To Kill a Mockingbird is widely read in which countries schools ?
What genre of book is To Kill a Mockingbird ?
Some of the central themes of the book are what exactly ?
Which region of America was the novel set in ?
What has caused the use of the novel in classrooms to be challenged ?
Who gathered impressions of To Kill a Mockingbird from other authors and famous people ?
In which year did British librarians rank To Kill a Mockingbird ahead of the Bible ?
When was To Kill a Mockingbird made into a movie ?
When did a play for the book begin to perform every year in Monroeville , Alabama ?
Who was the director of the adaptation of the movie ?
British librarians in 2006 ranked the book ahead of what famous volume ?
Who wrote the screenplay for the 1962 film ?
Who directed the 1962 film ?
What is Harper Lee ' s hometown ?
When did Harper Lee pass away ?
What is the only other work Harper Lee published ?
What is the name of Lee ' s second published work ?
When was the second book published ?
When did Lee die ?
Who did Harper Lee become childhood friends with ?
What year did Harper Lee pack up to go live in New York City ?
What job did Harper Lee start in New York City ?
Which state did Harper Lee spend her childhood ?
What year was Harper Lee born ?
Who was the famous writer Lee became close friends with ?
Where did Lee attend college ?
Where did Lee attend law school ?
What publishing company bought To Kill a Mockingbird ?
The first draft of To Kill a Mockingbird was named what ?
Who was the editor who got their hands on the first draft of To Kill a Mockingbird ?
What was the name of the editor who helped Lee finish her book ?
What ailment did Harper Lee ' s mother suffer from ?
What profession did Harper Lee ' s father hold ?
Lee modeled the character Atticus after what laywer ?
What date did To Kill a Mockingbird begin to circulate ?
How long did Lee spend writing the book ?
What publication ' s partial reprinting gave the book wide public exposure ?
Where is the setting for To Kill a Mockingbird ?
How many years does the story of To Kill a Mockingbird take place ?
How many children does the protagonist , Atticus Finch , have ?
Atticus Finch ' s children make friends with whom during the story ?
What is the name of the town the story takes place in ?
In what historical era does the book take place ?
Who is the main character of the book ?
What was the name of the woman who was allegedly raped in the book ?
What is the name of Atticus ' client in the rape trial ?
Who stopped the mob by shaming them ?
What are the names of Atticus Finch ' s children in the book ?
Where do Jem , Scout , and Dill observe the trial of Tom Robinson ?
Where do the three children watch the trial ?
What happens to Tom when he attempts to escape prison ?
Who did Bob Ewell attack during the story ?
What event did Jem and Scout attend right before they were attacked at night ?
Who saved Jem and Scout from Bob Ewell ?
Who attacked Scout and Jem ?
Who rescued Scout and Jem ?
What was the name of the police officer who discovered Bob Ewell ' s body ?
According to Sheriff Tate ' s story , how did Ewell die ?
Harper Lee has stated that To Kill a Mockingbird is not what genre of book ?
What year did Harper Lee ' s father represent two black men accused of murder ?
At what age did Harper Lee ' s mother die ?
What titles did Lee ' s father maintain at the local newspaper ?
Where did Truman Capote live in relation to Lee ?
What year did Lee and Capote go to Kansas together ?
Murders were the base for which story that Capote wrote ?
Who was the character Dill modeled after ?
What did Lee and Capote write their childhood stories on ?
What term did Capote use to describe Lee and himself ?
At what age was Lee when a white woman accused a black guy of rape ?
What was the name of the black man who was accused of rape in Lee ' s town when she was 10 ?
What was the name of the black teenager that Tom Robinson was supposedly based on ?
Emmett Till ' s death sparked which political movement in the ' 50s ?
What purpose did Tom Robinson ' s trial serve in the book ?
Who ' s death was a catalyst for the Civil Rights Movement ?
What two forms of humor are most found in To Kill a Mockingbird ?
Lee uses which writing styles to express humor in a tragic story ?
Where does Jem trap a fellow peer of school in the story ?
What is the name of the maid who works in the Finch ' s household ?
How does Scout respond to the audience ?
What saves Scout ' s life ?
What genre of book is To Kill a Mockingbird typically called ?
What term did Lee use to describe the town ' s courthouse ?
Who does Scout revere above everyone else ?
What was the name of the neighbor that Jem speaks too after Tom Robinson ' s trial ?
What des Jem struggle to understand ?
When did the Montgomery Bus Boycott take place ?
Many reviewers consider the second part of the book to be about what issue ?
The main jurors in Tom Robinson ' s trial were all which race ?
How did Tom Robinson die in the novel ?
At the time of the novel ' s setting , what punishment was often received by black males for percieved sexual contact with a white woman ?
Who comprised Tom ' s jury ?
How many times was Tom shot ?
Atticus is tasked with killing what animal in the novel ?
What is Atticus shooting the rabid dog symbolic of ?
Who does the cooking at the Finch ' s house ?
Who is Atticus Finch ' s sibling ?
Who does Scout Tease and humiliate at their house ?
Which author did Lee aspire to be like ?
Both authors valued what over social standing ?
Are the Ewell ' s considered rich or poor ?
What two factors did Lee demonstrate intensified prejudice ?
The children ' s non - judgmental attitude gave them a greater understanding of what ?
Mrs . Dubose suffers from an addiction to what ?
Who is the moral center of the novel ?
The novel explores various forms of what trait ?
Who has written the only biography of Harper Lee ?
Who wrote the only book length - biography of Harper Lee ?
According to Shields , which of the books lessons are fundamental and universal ?
Who does Scout think could be lonelier than Boo Radley ?
Who are the main female role models for Scout during the story ?
Who are Scout ' s two primary female models ?
Who chastis Scout for the way she dresse and accuses her of ruining her family name ?
Tomboy Scout grows up tto become what ?
In the book , which character was expected of molesting their child ?
Who was the only non - abusive father mentioned ?
Which character is chastised in the book for marrying a black woman ?
Who does Charles Lamb speculate were once children ?
What is another name for Scout ' s pink cotton penitentiary ?
Which animal serves as a symbol throughout the book ?
Harper Lee ' s mother ' s maiden name was what ?
Which bird does Atticus Finch say is a " sin to kill ? "
According to Atticus , which bird is it a sin to shoot ?
According to Miss Maudie , which bird is never harmful ?
Symbolically , killing a mockingbird is killing what according to Edwin Bruell ?
Reader ' s Digest included To Kill a Mockingbird in what program of theirs ?
The book ' s availablity increased through inclusion in what book service ?
After one year when To Kill a Mockingbird first came out , how many languages has it been printed in ?
Up til today , how many languages has To Kill a Mockingbird been printed in ?
How many copies has To Kill a Mockingbird sold since it first came out ?
How many copies of the book have been sold ?
How many languages has the book been translated into ?
Public figure ' s impressions of the novel were formed into a book called what ?
Who was Harper Lee ' s sister ?
What book compiled Adults ' impressions and their impressions as children about the novel ?
Atticus Finch ' s integrity has become a model for which job ?
Atticus Finch is a model of what for legal professionals ?
What year was a statue of Atticus build in Alabama ?
Harper Lee was given a membership to what in 2008 ?
What did the Alabama State Bar bestow on Lee in 2008 ?
To Kill a Mockingbird was first studied in American schools in what year ?
The American Library Associated ranked To Kill a Mockingbird where on its most frequently challenged books of 2000 - 2009 ?
In what year did the book become a subject of classroom study ?
According to The American Library Association , what rank did the book have among the most frequently challenged books from 2000 to 2009 ?
When was the first major controversy that surfaced from the book ?
What event in the novel was heavily criticized for being a plot device ?
In letters to local newspapers , what subplot in the book received the most complaints ?
According to the National Education Association , what was the only book to receive more complaints in 1968 ?
What movement in the ' 60s did the novel help spark ?
Which book was credited with sparking the US Civil War ?
What other book did Mark Childress compare it to ?
Who was Truman Capote ' s father ?
Who was speculated to have wrote the book instead of Harper Lee ?
What was the name of Harper Lee ' s sister ?
Who was rumored to have written the book instead of Lee ?
Lee ' s notes to whom help disclaim this rumor ?
Which year did To Kill a Mockingbird win the Pulitzer Prize ?
How many weeks did To Kill a Mockingbird remain on the bestsellers list when it won the Pulitzer Prize ?
Paperback of the Year award from Bestsellers magazine was awarded when ?
When did Harper Lee begin refusing interviews and questions about the book ?
What major award did the book receive in 1961 ?
In what year did Lee stop giving interviews about the book ?
Which year was Lee awarded an induction into the Alabama Academy of Honor ?
In 2004 , the novel as been picked by how many communities for citywide reading programs more than any other book ?
In 2001 , what city ' s mayor picked To Kill a Mockingbird as their favorite book ?
Which city ' s mayor initiated a reading program with the book ?
By 2004 , how many communities were using the book as part of their reading programs ?
Which school granted Lee an honory doctorate in 2006 ?
Which president of the US awarded Lee the Presidential Medal of Freedom ?
When did Lee receive a Presidential Medal of Freedom ?
What university awarded Lee an honorary doctorate in 2006 ?
In 2007 , which president awarded Lee the Presidential Medal of Freedom ?
A movie adaptation of the book was released in what year ?
Who played Atticus Finch in the 1962 movie of the same title ?
Which actor received An Oscar for his role of Atticus Finch in the 1962 movie of the book ?
What item did Lee give the actor Gregory Peck after portraying Atticus Finch ?
Which one of Gregory Peck ' s relatives was named after Harper Lee ?
What personal effect did Lee give to Peck ?
Which one of Peck ' s relatives was named Harper in honor of Lee ?
When did Lee randomly show up at the Los Angeles Public Library ?
What did Peck ' s widow call Lee ?
Who turned the novel into a play ?
When was the play for To Kill a Mockingbird first performed ?
What town labeled itself " The Literary Capital of Alabama " ?
Who makes up the cast of the annual play based on the book performed in Monroeville ?
During the courtroom scene , what happens to the audience ?
What country did Sergel ' s play tour around in and perform in 2006 ?
The play was the opening act for the starting of the 2013 season at which location ?
Who played Atticus Finch in the UK theater productions of the film in 2006 and 2011 ?
When was Go Set a Watchman introduced to the public ?
Go Set a Watchman was finished in what year ?
How many years after To Kill a Mockingbird is the setting of Go Set A Watchman ?
Who was Harper Lee ' s lawyer ?
What is the earlier draft of the book titled ?
What year was Watchman completed ?
How many years after Mockingbird was Watchman set ?
What two serious moral issues are dealt with in the novel ?
Who is the protagonist of the novel ?
What is Lee ' s strongest style of writing ?
What narrative technique does Lee use to combine the adult ' s perspective with the child ' s observations ? ?
According to Lee , her book simply expressed a Christian code of honor and conduct inherit to whom ?
Besides the children ' s fascination with Boo , the first part of the book was concerned about their feelings for what ?
Lee ' s detailed explanations of the characters ' behaviors caused one writer to catagorize the book as what ?
Scout defined people doing the best they could with what they had as who ?
What drives the plot of the book more than the characters ?
Who is the main example of an innocent destroyed in the novel ?
What does Scout see symbollically as a mockingbird ?
According to Atticus , most people are how when you truly view them ?
Reviewer R . A . Dave classified the novel how ?
What newspaper wrote that the novel has strong contemporary national significance ?
Which reviewer called the book melodramatic and contrived ?
Which Southern writer deemed it a child ' s book ?
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie vompared Lee to whom ?
Rosemary Goring connected Lee to whom ?
Who criticized Lee in The Wall Street Journal ?
Who wrote that the book forces readers to question issues without resolving them ?
Which character has some critics deemed a variation of a contented slave ?
According to one consultant , which group found the book demoralizing ?
Michael Lund criticized the novel for demonizing whom ?
According to Diane McWhorter , every child in the South had to face what ?
McWhorter wrote that the existance of the book was what ?
How do the citizens of Monroeville quote lines of the book ?
What do the Monroeville townspeople call tourists to their town ?
Where does solar energy come from ?
What kind of energy consists of the light and heat provided by the Sun ?
What technologies are used to harness solar energy from the sun ?
What is solar energy ?
How many terawatts of solar radiation does the Earth receive ?
What percentage of solar radiation is reflected back by the atmosphere ?
The areas that people live in typically receive what range of kWh / m2 per day ?
How many terrawatts of radiation does the earth receive ?
How much of the solar radiation is reflected back into space ?
What are the insolation levels of most populated areas ?
Where is the solar radiation not reflected back to space absorbed ?
The Earth ' s oceans cover what percentage of the globe ?
What is the average temperature of the Earth ' s surface in Celsius ?
What is the process by which green plants convert solar energy to stored energy ?
How much of the earth is covered by oceans ?
What is the cause of atmospheric circulation ?
How does the water vapor that rises in warm air turn into clouds ?
What creates wind , cyclones and anti - cyclones ?
What is the process in which plants convert solar energy into stored energy called ?
Each year the Earth absorbs how much solar energy in exajoules ?
In 2002 , the Sun provided more energy in one hour than humans used in what span of time ?
How much energy in exajoules does photosynthesis capture each year ?
Twice the amount of energy obtainable by all the non - renewable sources on Earth can be provided by the Sun in what span of time ?
What is the amount of solar energy absorbed by the earth ?
How much solar energy is captured by photosynthesis ?
The amount of solar energy per year is twice as much as the energy that will ever be produced from what resources ?
Where do the majority of renewable energies derive their energy from ?
How are solar technologies defined ?
What is one way that characterizes solar technologies as passive or active ?
Which renewable energies do not acquire their energy from the sun ?
How do renewable energies acquire energy from the sun ?
Are supply side solar technologies generally active or passive ?
Are demand side solar technologies generally active or passive ?
What is an active solar technique used to generate energy ?
What does an active solar technique do ?
What does a passive solar technique do ?
What was the name of the inventor who built a solar engine in 1897 ?
In what year was the Sun Power Company formed ?
Shuman patented his solar engine system in what year ?
Who is Frank Shuman ?
In what year did solar engine build his solar engine ?
What was the solar engine used to power ?
In what year was the Sun Power Company established ?
In what year did Frank Shuman patent his solar engine ?
Where did Shuman build the world ' s first solar thermal power station ?
How many liters of water per minute did Shuman ' s engine pump in litres ?
In what decade were Shuman ' s ideas about solar energy revived ?
Where was the first solar thermal power plant built ?
What was used to power the plants engine ?
From what river did the engine pump water ?
What slowed down the growth of solar energy ?
When was the interest in solar energy restored ?
According to Shuman , up to what percentage of domestic hot water can be provided by solar heating systems ?
What do Solar hot water systems use to heat water ?
How much hot water can be produced by solar heating systems in low geographical latitudes ?
What is a common type of solar water heater ?
What type of solar water heater is used to heat pools ?
What was the total capacity of solar hot water systems in 2007 in gigawatts ?
Over 90 % of homes use solar hot water systems in which two countries ?
What is the capacity of a solar hot water system ?
What country is the leader in the implementation of solar powered hot water systems ?
What percentage of households use solar hot water systems in Israel and Cyprus ?
In what countries is the use to solar hot water used mainly for w = swimming pools ?
What percentage of energy in commercial buildings comes from HVAC systems ?
How much energy does an HVAC system use in commercial locations ?
How much energy does an HVAC system use in residential locations ?
What can be used to balance out a portion of the energy used by HVAC systems ?
Materials that can be used to store heat are known as what kind of mass ?
What is thermal mass ?
What are typical thermal mass material ?
How is thermal mass used to keep buildings cool ?
What is a something that determines the size of thermal mass ?
What does thermal mass reduce the need for ?
What kind of system is a solar chimney ?
What is a solar chimney ?
What is a solar chimney made of ?
How can the performance of a solar chimney be improved ?
The placement of deciduous trees on the Equator facing side of a building can have a negative effect on solar availability in which season ?
What is something that is used to control solar heating and cooling ?
How much solar radiation is blocked by leafless trees ?
Why should trees not be planted on the side of a building facing the equator ?
What side of a building should trees be planted without greatly affecting solar gain in the winter ?
Horace de Saussure built the first box cooker in what year ?
Reflector cookers can reach temperatures in Celsius of up to what ?
What are solar cookers used for ?
What are the 3 main categories of solar cookers ?
Who created the box cooker ?
What is the typical temperature range for a box cooker ?
What do reflector cookers require to function ?
The Solar Total Energy Project had a field of how many parabolic dishes ?
Are transpired collectors more or less cost - effective than glazed collection systems ?
What are some examples of solar concentrating technologies ?
What was the first commercial solar concentrating system ?
What is one of the oldest uses of solar energy ?
What are some items used to dry clothes without the use of electricity ?
What are Unglazed transpired collectors ?
In what year was a large scale solar distillation project constructed in Las Salinas ?
What is used to make saline or brackish water drinkable ?
By who was the first record of solar distillation done by ?
When was the first large solar distillation plant created ?
How much water was produced by the plant ?
What is an example of a solar distillation design ?
Solar water disinfection is recommended by which organization ?
How long should the plastic bottles filled with water be exposed to sunlight during Solar water disinfection ?
What does the World Health Organization say about Solar water disinfection ?
How many people use Solar water disinfection to disinfect their drinking water ?
What is a possible negative effect of algae in water stabilization ponds ?
For what reason would solar energy be used in a water stabilisation pond ?
What is a reason why the water from a water stabilisation pond may be unusable ?
By what year is solar power expected to become the world ' s greatest source of electricity ?
When is solar power is foreseen to become the largest source of electricity ?
The largest solar power plant in the world is located in what desert ?
Less than 1 % of the world ' s total grid electricity was generated by solar energy in what year ?
What is the largest solar power plant in the world ?
Where is the largest solar power plant in the world located ?
What are the largest photovoltaic solar power plants ?
In the 1880s , who constructed the first solar cell ?
In what year was the crystalline silicon solar cell constructed ?
What has happened to photovoltaic in the past 20 years ?
What is a solar cell ?
Who created the first solar cell ?
Who created the first solar cell using silver selenide in place of copper oxide ?
Who created the crystalline silicon solar cell ?
In all the different CSP systems , concentrated sunlight is used to heat what ?
What do Concentrating Solar Power systems use ?
What is the heat generated from a Concentrating Solar Power system used for ?
What is one of the most developed Concentrating Solar Power technologies ?
What do Concentrating Solar Power technologies have in common ?
Socrate ' s what is a classic example of passive solar design ?
What is a common feature of passive solar architecture ?
What is produced when the features of passive solar architecture are customized to the environment ?
What is an example of passive solar design ?
What kind of equipment can improve system performance ?
UHI is an abbreviation of what ?
A program in Los Angeles believes that with $ 1 billion , city temperatures could be reduced by approximately how many degrees in Celsius ?
What are the metropolitan areas with higher temperatures than the surrounding areas called ?
What materials absorb sunlight and create higher temperatures than natural materials ?
What is a way to reduce the high temperatures created in urban heat islands ?
During the Little Ice Age , what did English and French farmers use to increase collection of solar energy ?
Vinters have adopted solar technology to do what ?
Why do agriculture and horticulture seek to make the most use of the solar energy captured ?
What are some techniques used to improve crop production ?
What did French and English farmers do during the Little Ice Age to gain more solar energy ?
What was the purpose of the fruit walls built by French and English farmers ?
When were the first greenhouses used ?
In what century were the first modern greenhouses constructed ?
What do greenhouses do with solar energy ?
What is one purpose of a greenhouse ?
What was one of the first uses of a greenhouse ?
Where were the first modern greenhouses built ?
What is the name of the solar powered car race held every two years ?
What was the winner of the World Solar Challenge ' s average speed in 2007 in km / h ?
What is The World Solar Challenge ?
When was The World Solar Challenge started ?
What was the average speed of a winning solar powered car in 1987 ?
What was the average speed of a winning solar powered car by 2007 ?
What are some other similar car races that use solar powered vehicles ?
The first practical solar boat was constructed in what year ?
When was the first solar powered boat made ?
Who first crossed the Pacific ocean using a solar powered boat ?
What was the name of the first solar powered boat that crossed the Atlantic ocean ?
What altitude did the Solar Riser reach in feet ?
What is the name of the aircraft circling the globe in 2015 via solar power ?
When was the first unmanned flight by a solar powered plane made ?
When was the first solar powered manned flight made ?
When did the Solar Challenger cross the English Channel ?
Where did Eric Scott Raymond fly using a solar powered plane in 1990 ?
How long is the solar powered plane Solar Impulse able to remain in the air ?
What is a possible alternative to making carbon - based fuels from reduction of carbon dioxide ?
What process converts solar energy into storable and transportable fuels ?
What solar process can be used to produce different fuels ?
What is the name of the process under development at the Weizmann Institute ?
The Solznic process produces what ?
What has been a main area of solar chemical research since the 1970s ?
What is one of the thermochemical processes that has been explored besides electrolysis ?
What is the name of the process being developed by the Weizmann Institute ?
In what form do thermal mass systems store solar energy ?
What is the system called that can store solar energy in the form of heat ?
What are some of the materials used in thermal storage systems ?
What is something that can be accomplished by a thermal mass system ?
Paraffin wax is an example of what kind of storage media ?
The first Glauber ' s salt heating system was first used where ?
What are some examples of phase change materials ?
What are the approximate temperatures that can be delivered by phase change materials ?
What was the name of the heating system that first used Glauber ' s salt ?
Why are salts good for thermal storage ?
How much energy was the Solar Two able to store using salts ?
Where do off - grid PV systems store excess electricity ?
What do off - grid PV systems use to store excess electricity ?
What are the programs that gives credit to households for delivering electricity to the grid called ?
How is the credit to households accomplished ?
Why is a second meter usually unnecessary to monitor electricity use ?
When water is released due to high demand , the pump become swhat ?
Pumped - storage hydroelectricity stores energy in what form ?
How is the energy stored by pumped - storage hydroelectricity recovered ?
The oil embargo in what year was a contributing factor to the reorganization of energy policies ?
What brought attention to solar technologies in the 1970s ?
What are the names of some of the incentive programs used to promote solar technology ?
What is the name of the solar energy research facility in the US ?
What is the name of the solar energy research facility in Japan ?
What is the name of the solar energy research facility in Germany ?
The solar water heaters introduced in the US in the 1890s saw growth until what time period ?
Since 1999 , what average rate has the solar water heating sector progressed at ?
When did the use of solar water heaters in the US first begin ?
Why did interest in solar water heating decrease in the 1980s ?
Growth of solar water heating development has averaged how much per year since 1999
What was the estimated capacity of solar water heating and cooling in 2007 ?
Which organization believes that solar energy can solve some of our most pressing issues ?
Who said that solar energy can help solve some of the most urgent problems in the world ?
ISO 9050 relates to standards for what ?
ISO 10217 relates to standards for what ?
What is the name of the standard related to glass in building ?
What is the name of the standard related to the materials used in solar water heaters ?
What are the technologies used to capture solar energy characterized as ?
What are some active solar techniques used to harness solar energy ?
What is an example of a passive solar technique ?
What was the total worldwide energy consumption in 2012 ?
What is solar energy ' s yearly potential ?
What makes solar energy an appealing source of electricity >
Who estimated the annual potential of solar energy in 2000 ?
How will solar energy increase energy security ?
What costs will solar energy lower ?
What should the cost of incentives for producing solar energy be considered ?
What effect will solar energy have on the price of fossil fuels ?
Why does the amount of usable solar energy differ from the amount near the planets surface ?
Why does geography have an effect of the amount of solar energy available ?
What is the process called that can increase solar energy in areas further away from the earth ' s equator ?
Why does time have an effect of the amount of available solar energy ?
What effect does cloud coverage have on the amount of solar energy available ?
Why does land availability have an effect on solar energy ?
Why are roofs a good place for solar panels ?
What factors were taken into account in the estimate published in 2000 on solar energy ?
What was the total potential of solar energy found in the estimate ?
What is solar power ?
How is sunlight converted into electricity ?
What does a concentrated solar power system use ?
What is the purpose of a concentrated solar power system ?
What method does the photovoltaics system use to turn light into electricity ?
What has influenced the design since the beginning of architectural history ?
Who first utilized solar architecture ?
In which direction were the buildings built by the Greeks and Chinese facing ?
What is a solar balloon ?
What happens when sunlight shines on a solar balloon ?
What is the use of solar balloons typically limited to ?
Why is the use of solar balloons typically limited to the toy market ?
Why was solar technology developed in the 1860s ?
What slowed the development of solar technologies in the early 20th century ?
According to a report in 2011 , by what year could solar energy provide a third of the world ' s energy ?
What could the sun ' s energy do to help limit climate change ?